['What are your Agoraphobia related resolutions for this year? ', "The past 4 monthsI have slowly fallen into this. Starting at a university, I felt like I didn't belong. Like I had tricked my way in, and everyone would catch on any day now. I felt like everyone was staring at me, and knew that that couldn't be true, because I'm nothing special. The past year I struggled through a baseline depression so strong that I forgot who I was and what I loved, and when the clouds finally parted and I saw sunlight again it only lasted two weeks before plunging me into a depressive episode so strong that I pretty much lay in bed all day every day for a week over Christmas break. I didn't leave the house. How could I? Everyone was staring at me! It was like there was a magnet holding me to my bed, and the further and further I pulled away from that magnet, the more frightened I became, and the more my body and heart suffered from it. I don't even like sitting in the living room anymore. It's too open, even though I live in a small apartment. Only my bed is safe.\n\nLast night was new year's eve. My partner went to a party and I couldn't even follow because it was too far away. I was still in denial. Agoraphobia? I couldn't possibly have agoraphobia, that's a serious condition and I'm obviously just a whiner. So I resolved to go to my parent's so I didn't have to be alone.\n\nI tried to leave. I really did. But as I stood in the shower and thought about the 30 minute drive my heart beat its way into my throat and my stomach petrified. My lungs forgot to work,", "4 months agoI have slowly fallen into this. Starting at a university, I felt like I didn't belong. Like I had tricked my way in, and everyone would catch on any day now. I felt like everyone was staring at me, and knew that that couldn't be true, because I'm nothing special. The past year I struggled through a baseline depression so strong that I forgot who I was and what I loved, and when the clouds finally parted and I saw sunlight again it only lasted two weeks before plunging me into a depressive episode so strong that I pretty much lay in bed all day every day for a week over Christmas break. I didn't leave the house. How could I? Everyone was staring at me! It was like there was a magnet holding me to my bed, and the further and further I pulled away from that magnet, the more frightened I became, and the more my body and heart suffered from it. I don't even like sitting in the living room anymore. It's too open, even though I live in a small apartment. Only my bed is safe.\n\nLast night was new year's eve. My partner went to a party and I couldn't even follow because it was too far away. I was still in denial. Agoraphobia? I couldn't possibly have agoraphobia, that's a serious condition and I'm obviously just a whiner. So I resolved to go to my parent's so I didn't have to be alone.\n\nI tried to leave. I really did. But as I stood in the shower and thought about the 30 minute drive my heart beat its way into my throat and my stomach petrified. My lungs forgot to work, and my eyes began to steam with tears. In less flowery language, I had a nasty panic attack. And I canceled on my parents, of course.\n\nSo now it's new years day and I can't leave the house, and I'm having my groceries and my medications delivered. I don't know how to fix this.", "Does anyone else feel overstimulated in public?I feel like even if I didn't have any kind of anxiety or agoraphobia I still probably wouldn't go out into public places much because of how overstimulated I feel. Everything always seems so loud, so bright, so noisy, so many people doing so many things. Even when I go into nature it feels like there's too much around me and I almost feel disoriented. I feel like I always end up dissociating to some degree to cope with it.", "Giving upHey guys writing after a long time...... I would like to share my current life and agoraphobia condition..... My anxiety and panic attacks have faded away due to medication and staying restricted in my safe place........Even not having a panic attack since 4-5 months I am unable to go out anywhere I have made up mind that if I go out I will suffer though I am sure that everything will be perfectly but still I am unable to take a step I have got myself too comfortable in my safe. Place where every thing is according to me and under controlled conditions\n\nI don't think that the way I am living can work for longer some day or other I have to take steps but I am afraid and started to have suicidal thoughts\n\n( Sorry for my English )\n\nI woul like to add that I have dropped out of college the worst decision in my life I know I am going to regret it afterwards like 2-5 years from now ..", 'I think i finally know whats wrong with me.I was searching for a therapist recently, because even though ive delt with panic attacks for 17 years, ive never actually been to a therapist. I dont think i actually knew what agoraphobia was, i assumed it was someone who just didnt want to leave their house. Until i read something about panic disorder often causing agoraphobia. I dont know how to explain it, but its that feeling of..holy shit, word for word this is me. I had my first panic attack in a car, after that i couldnt drive anywhere for months. Even forcing myself to drive down the road was rough. I hate standing in lines, restaurants, getting my haircut, crowded public transport etc. Dropped out of college because i couldnt sit in a classroom. I assumed i was claustrophobic, because my panic attacks came from the feeling of being unable to escape without everyone seeing me have a panic attack/embarrassing myself. Sometimes it was that and feeling like if the panic symptoms came on hard, and i was spiraling into thinking i was dying, who would help me? The most frustrating thing was not understanding why my panic attacks were triggered in the most ridiculous situations, my friends didnt get it and i just felt like a freak. I force myself to do things, and most of my life has been me feeling uncomfortable doing "normal things".Im looking for a therapist because i figured, well how the hell can i get over this if i dont know what tools i need to do so. I know self diagnosis is frowned upon, but honestly id be pretty dang surprised if this isn\'t agoraphobia. Thanks for listening guys', 'What do you guys think?My Nan wants to go to a city near me it’s about 10-15 minutes away, we will also probably stay there about a hour or something. I’ve only just started going out again and that’s only been very short distances. Do you think It’s too much and too far for me to go or what? I’m also very comfortable with my nan anxiety wise but the car journey is a big trigger with nausea. If I prepare for it and take a bucket (for nausea, I won’t be sick but it just calms me down just incase) and maybe get some anti anxiety/ anti sickness medication or something. What do you guys reckon? Be honest. Should I go? I desperately want to.', '*Agoraphobia, OCD, severe anxiety questionnaire* Turning my agoraphobia into my senior thesis. ', 'What happened at my trip to WalmartI decided to cut down one aisle to head to the toys since I didn\'t want the people looking at TV\'s to move. I ended up behind this group of male teens, which isn\'t a big deal until they realized that I was still behind them after two aisle and I heard one of them say "She\'s still coming this way" so I went off to the expensive computer aisle to lose them. \nThey were shady as all hell anyway and I didn\'t want to be grouped in if they were doing something since I am only 21 and I do look young. Anyway this proven my point that strangers will automatically be talking about me just because of how I look, I don\'t look off or anything just overweight and not the prettiest.', "I need help?This is my second day in a row completely unable to leave the house without panicking. I keep trying to get in touch with my psychiatrist to make an emergency appointment but she's unavailable. Is there anything else I can do? I need medical help but I don't think I need to go to the hospital.", 'I miss our check inns.Like a year ago (please forgive I forgot who it was) but we had a group that would do a monthly check in on goals we wanted to achieve and then everyone would report in the following month to see how we did. Would anyone be interested in starting that again?', "Making money and feeling trapped.I haven't made as much money working online as I hoped I could. I was hoping I'd be making enough by now to be able to afford therapy online, and keep doing my exposure therapy to ease into also having a part-time offline job. It isn't working out, and my mental health is getting even worse. I've stopped showering again, my sleep schedule is a nightmare, and I've stopped doing my daily exposure therapy tasks and haven't been outside in a few days.\n\nI'm really not ready to go back to work but I also really miss having somewhere to go everyday, even if I panicked a ton. I need to be able to afford a therapist really badly because I feel stuck on my own, even going to work and university everyday for years didn't help and only made my condition worse. I also need to not starve to death lol.\n\nI feel stuck and tired of all this torture.", 'Going out in 2 hours. I’m terrified. ', 'AirportHey all, I’m going on a trip on Thursday and when I start to think about it my heart starts racing and I start shaking. I’ve been struggling with panic attacks while driving in my car to work (1 hour commute). Now I’m already thinking about if I have a panic attack in the car to the airport, in the middle of the airport, or even worse, on the plane. I’m afraid I’m not gonna be close enough to the bathroom if I need it, or I’ll draw attention to myself. The flight is 3 hours and I’ll be with my significant other, but I cannot shake these thoughts and fears. Does anyone have any advice as far as being on a plane or in an airport with agoraphobia? Thanks in advance.', 'Update from when I went out :)Honestly can’t believe I went (to city near me) today, a couple months ago I couldn’t even go down the shop near me and now I’m going (city near me). It wasn’t easy but it definitely wasn’t as bad as I thought it was gonna be. I enjoyed it so much and I’m excited to go out again. Before I got in the car I had a cry aha and thought I wasn’t gonna do it but I did! I’m so happy and proud of myself! I know this is only a very short distance for people without anxiety and it was for me before I started feeling this way but this was such a big deal to me and far away. :)\nThe city is about 15 minutes away from me and stayed there for a couple of hours', "About to go 30+ miles out of my comfort zone.I feel weak. Physically and emotionally. I have made this drive before, thousands of times but it has been a while. I haven't taken this ride since August of 2019. It's just an interstate car ride but you'd think I was about to enter the fight of my life. I know I can do this and once i get to where I'm going i will be just fine. I know it. But it seems so far, while I'm sitting at home on the porch, nervously smoking this whole pack of cigarettes. I'm not going to die, I'm not going to go insane. I want to believe that this condition does not rule my life but days like this are the real challenge. I've posted in here a lot and you guys are so supportive. Wish me luck.", 'Just ate a meal in McDonald’s aloneI’m so happy! I stayed for around 30 minutes in total - super proud of myself for sticking through it despite feeling I was gonna have a panic attack!', 'Does anyone else get trapped when out and about.This happens to me sometimes i think im good then whammy full on panic. I go hid in the bathroom and i get stuck and it takes hours ( or it feels like hours) for me to get the courage to leave.', "Agoraphobia - Agoraphobic friends, please tell me where you're from and something you CAN do that brings you joy. CT here. I have 3 rescued dogs who bring me joy and I care for other pets in the neighborhood. Animals bring me lots of joy. ", 'Could use some encouragement/ coping adviceMy old car got towed from my apartment complex and I need to go to their office on Monday to sign over the title so I don’t have to pay thousands in towing and storage fees.\n\nI’m literally terrified and dreading it. More and more I’m getting scared of driving anywhere and it’s just compounding my fear of going into the office and talking to the person at the desk. I don’t know where to sign or what to write for the selling price or the miles on the odometer and the car doesn’t start anymore so I can’t even check. I’m afraid of looking dumb and being embarrassed.\n\nI’m so frustrated with myself. I almost want to just not go but that would be stupid because then they’d just sue me for thousands of dollars and garnish my wages. I’ll be 24 next month, I should be able to do the things I need to do. \n\nI can’t go anywhere without panicking unless my boyfriend is with me, but he can’t come with me on Monday. Does anyone have advice on how to handle a situation like this that you literally can’t avoid?', 'Are any of you guys on Skype or discord?I would like to befriend someone who goes through something similar and connect with people on this. Please dm me if you interested, just to talk to someone about this would be nice. I don’t how else to talk about this because I just feel alienated right now', 'Grocery Shopping TroublesI’m not sure exactly what gets to me, if it’s the bright lights, big open space, or inability to focus, but lately I have not been able to go into a grocery store without getting dizzy and panicking. This has never happened until a couple days ago, but now it’s all I can think about. The whole experience feels overwhelming, and nothing I do can calm me down. The shortness of breath, feeling like I’m about to fall over, confusion, and feeling of danger and doom just get to me. \nDo any of you have any tips on how to ease these symptoms and get over this fear of the grocery?', "Is this my problem?So, brief history here--\n\nA few years back (2013 or so) I was married and basically acted as the social coordinator of our lives. We had an excellent network of friends and international colleagues, and I was (while a bit misanthropic) sorta-kinda outgoing, or at least tolerant of other people and craved getting together with people. My wife took to alcohol and amphetamines and became a complete recluse with full-on social anxiety. After the divorce, I basically felt like there was no point to organizing social things or get-togethers so I just kind of let everything slide. I did not feel the need for any form of social interaction, really. \n\nFast forward to now, and I don't even want to leave the house anymore. I have a loving partner, we share a home and she tolerates all my quirks, but I have no local friends. Sometimes I crave human contact but I just don't want to deal with PEOPLE. It seems like as the years have gone by, I have just lost all faith/trust in humanity. I don't feel depressed. If I had to offer up a description of my general mental state, I'd have to say I feel average, or numb. I rarely feel rage, and I rarely feel joy. I just feel, frankly, Vulcan.\n\nI recently moved back to the USA from Chile, where riots have basically destroyed everything where I was living, and it has not made anything better in my regards to not liking people.\n\nSo, not sure if I have agoraphobia or I am just a misanthrope, or maybe do I have PTSD from suffering through constant rioting, smoke, and tear gas coming in through my windows, but I just have a really hard time motivating myself to go outside and deal with anyone. If Amazon delivered groceries I think I would pretty much never go outside anymore.\n\nNot sure what to do because I am not getting any better, and I am sinking deeper into wanting to see the earth washed clean so I can live like a mountain man. If I could go out all day and not see another soul, I think that might make me happy.", 'Advice?So I’m 18, been dealing with agoraphobia on and off for 3 years but this go round has been the longest time, somewhat home bound, I can drive back roads around my neighborhood but I’m so frustrated everyday being here. I’ve seen a few therapists tried cbt, diffrent meds, little bits of exposure therapy and nothing really seems to help. Any suggestions on what I should try next?', 'Would learning how to drive help with agoraphobia?Before I had agoraphobia I had a severe fear of driving. I got my permit and was less anxious with a teacher in the car but fast forward its 10 times worse with this condition. \n\nI figured if I can finally get my license I can always leave a situation that makes me uncomfortable.', "How can I help a friendHello\n\nAgoraphobia is a pretty new thing I've heard about maybe a month ago from my friend suffering from it, I've looked for other similar posts to this and found a few posted a few months ago but i wanted to make my own post as I know there are different severity's of the condition and the support/advice could vary so I wanted to be able to describe her case as best I could, to in turn to receive the best support/advice.\n\nMy friend that I met online and have known for quite a long time now is a severe sufferer of agoraphobia where she rarely leaves her room let alone her house, we don't live anywhere close to each other, so going to visit her is very difficult but I still want to be able to support her in anyway to recover from this as due to the condition she's also suffering from other mental health issues such as depression which I have been doing my best to support in that regards with frequent messages, getting her involved as much as I can, we have a common interest in video games so I include her wherever possible, I have noticed her being more happy and joyful at times but there are of course those low points that do occur where I do my best to be there to support her.\n\nBut in the end is there anything somebody like me who lives too far away to see them in person can actually do to support somebody suffering with such a case of agoraphobia as it worries me on occasions when i get messages that she is so tired of the same thing every day stuck in her room because she is unable to tackle this.", 'I went into a store and bought my own snacks!For the better part of 10 years I’ve been housebound and thanks to my anxiety and stress my poor stomach and digestive system is pretty messed up to say the least. I don’t eat “meals” really but mostly eat small snacks through out the day. Like I said, for almost a decade now I’ve had to make a list for my mom as to what snacks to get me and since I can’t browse myself I only get a handful of things, cycling through them as I got burnt out. BUT today I went with my mom to the store and PICKED OUT MY OWN SNACKS! I’m so happy! It’s little things like this that I miss the most but also happiest when I get to recapture them, even if it’s only temporarily.', "I can't even drive. I have a severe fear of driving because of other drivers. I passed my driving test more than a year ago but I'm a bad driver and I just can't do it. I have a panic attack and get so nervous and scared. ", "Need to go to appt but can't.My hair is falling out and I have a dermatology appt tomorrow. But for the life of me I can't see myself leaving house and going to the city for it. I know I should cancel but frozen in indecision.\nThanks", "I told my girlfriend about my agoraphobiaIt went well, but that doesn't matter as much to me. I'm just glad I said it out loud, rather than letting it envelop my mind in the shadows. I don't know how I had kept it from her for 2 years.", "What do people actually do in the world?So, I grew up in poverty in the woods, and became homebound and socially isolated right after turning 21 and moving to a small city.\n\nI'm 32 now and in the last few months have been able to manage very short, controlled, and limited outings to the world.\n\nSo far it's mainly been very short grocery shopping trips...\n\nI want to do more, but I don't know what people...do.\n\nI missed the entirety of my 20s so I never learned anything about what people actually do in the world.\nI'm also autistic and that makes it difficult to judge what might be appropriate sometimes.\n\nIf I want to just exist in the world, not rushing some task... what the hell do I do?", 'I’m going out again.So I’m going out again but I’m confused because I’ve felt absolutely fine? maybe it’s because I’m with someone I’m 100% comfortable with?', 'Anyone else feeling alone/out of place while everyone’s returning back to work or school?I feel so out of place. I’m not sure why because it usually doesn’t effect me but yer it’s kinda disheartening and sad.', 'should I apply?Hey you guys. So I’ve been going out way more but I have yet to drive alone and there’s a job relatively close to my house and I really want to apply. It’s at the ISD building in my city and it’s for a receptionist job. I want to apply but I’m intimidated and triggered that I know it’s a 8am-5pm job and if I need to leave I can’t because it’s well a job. So I’m stuck. I’m thinking about starting Xanax just to use IF I need it and then apply for the job. I really red something that will get me out the house and it pays and on top of that it’ll help me start driving by myself. What are your guys thoughts?', 'Hi - my story/ struggleThis is my first time sharing anything on a forum like this, but I’m hoping it might help. After reading some of your stories I feel safe enough to share mine as well. Thanks in advance if you feel like reading on: \n\nI’ve had panic disorder and gad for as long as I can remember. But it wasn’t much problem for most of my youth - I was able to complete high school and college, build great friendships, travel a bit, and perform well at work. During these years I seldom felt the need to medicate myself. I had an emergency prescription of clonazepam that I used a handful times, but most of the time my panic was easy to manage myself. When it did flare up it would usually be in a social setting (usually a party or pregame), and when that would happen I would just drink until it went away.  This approach got me through college and the first couple years afterward. But that soon changed. \n\nAfter graduating I moved to Austin TX and began working for an exciting automotive tech company. The first 2 years went really well. I became very focused on my job and worked my way into a managerial position by age 23. It was a fun time in my life. I didn’t love Austin but I loved my job and the freedom it gave me. Looking back I like to think of this period of my life as a honeymoon phase — all of this was so exciting and new which I believe caused my periodic feelings of panic to fade for a while. But it came back. Hard. \n\nIn June 2018, a few months before my 25th birthday, I was standing in line at chipotle when I proceeded to have the most intense panic attack of my entire life. Things got dizzy, stationary objects looked like they were moving around, pressure started building my head, and my heart beat out of my chest. I honestly thought I was having a stroke. But I went to the ER and sure enough all my tests came back normal, leaving me confused and scared. Mostly because those symptoms that hit me in chipotle kept coming back almost at random. It took me 6 months of tests and doctor visits to learn that what I was/am suffering from is chronic vestibular migraine, which causes my panic to spiral out of control on a daily basis. \n\nThe attack that day was so profound that it reduced my quality of life almost immediately. I suddenly found myself feeling terrified by normal tasks like grocery shopping, grabbing coffee, even driving. I began working from home full time, and by December 2018 I had to stop working completely and move back in with my parents. Ever since then I have been desperately trying to find ways to bring this condition under control. \n\nTreatment for this is tricky - do you treat the migraine? Do you treat the panic? Is it a combination of both? The problems I began facing early on is that the traditional meds used for migraine were triggering panic attacks, and the traditional meds used for panic (ssris and snris) were giving me HORRIBLE side effects that ultimately made my panic even worse. I did find some relief with a few supplements (l-theanine + coq10), but it’s not enough. Interestingly, what’s been working most of all from a med standpoint has been clonazepam, which eliminates both my panic and migraine symptoms. Over the last year and a half I have used it sparingly (well aware of the dependency factor), but it’s unbelievable how much better I feel when I do take it. I feel like myself again. I’m able to get outside and live. I’m social again and in good spirits. When I’m not on it I am typically a panicky wreck, curled up in my bed wondering if I’m going to pass out or literally die of a heart attack. \n\nI did have a few days of hope about a week ago - I had started taking this new supplement called Methylfolate which made me feel wonderful at first. Then things went way south a few days later, with side effects sending me into a state of full panic that I’m still dealing with as I write this. In a way though this has helped me reach a point of clarity, which is that I think it’s okay to rely on something that I know works (clonazepam) for a little while so that I can begin to rebuild and heal myself. I know that it’s not ideal from a medical standpoint, and if it increases my risk for certain things later in life then so be it. All I know is that I’m 26 years old with so much life ahead of me, and I can’t keep hiding like this and living in overwhelming fear. \n\nIf you read this far, thanks so much. I’m glad this community exists and look forward to tackling this monster together. \n\n- Spe', 'LonlinessHey everyone, just made an account to use for this sub. Have had pretty extreme panic disorder and agoraphobia for around three years now. I’m someone that values alone time very much, but lately i just feel too isolated and a lack of interaction with people gets to me sometimes. Just wanted to say that i’m open to talk with anyone. it’s comforting to read this sub and know that other people deal with similar things. Wishing all of you the best!', 'I am traveling out of state for the first time in 5 years.Im taking the train with my girlfriend to her university in texas, coming from the north midwest. I cant believe it, its been so long. I used to love traveling, i used to dream about flying to europe just to walk the catholic pilgrimage and im not even catholic. That all stoped years ago because health issues catapulted me into the mess i was, but with the help of *much* therapy, quetiapine, and a supportive partner, im finally traveling again. \n\nI cant sleep, im so excited. At least im telling myself its excitement, because anxiety can find its way in and im not letting that happen. And even if it does, **im still going.**', "How can I help someone with agoraphobia? Anything else I should know about this ?My boyfriend suffers from agoraphobia. I try to ask him to go for walks from time to time. It is enough ? I don't feel like I'm doing enough to help and it is frustrating...\n\nWhat can I do to help him?\nHow can I help him when he has a doctor's appointment? ( IMPORTANT )\nShould I insist on being there for him or is it better if he tries to go alone?\n\nI have insisted that I want to be there for him, but he is reluctant to accept most of the help I offer. I think it's a trigger for him and he doesn't want to depend on anyone else in any way possible. \n\nDo I need to know anything else about people suffering from agoraphobia? Like triggers, what I should avoid and what not.\n\nThank you a lot!", "How do you guys handle haircuts?Haircuts have never been a particularly pleasant experience for me, there was always a feeling of being trapped, but now I'm agoraphobic, going to the barbers just isn't an option right now.\n\nMy hair has grown super long since I've been housebound &amp; I desperately want a haircut as I can't stand having long hair (it just makes me feel shabby &amp; less confident, if that makes sense).\n\nJust wondering how you guys handle maintaining/getting haircuts while being housebound.", 'Does this ever fully go away?Over the past week I’ve been to the mall and to Barnes &amp; Noble. Both are about 20 minutes from my house so it’s a huge accomplishment for me. When I’m in these situations though I still have a large amount of anxiety even if I’m capable of going there. \n\nHonestly it’s probably not worth considering as before I never thought I’d be able to drive to these places again. I went to an AA meeting with my friend yesterday. I don’t have a substance abuse problem but he said that some of the topics at the meeting might be applicable regardless. \n\nThey talked about this dirty feeling you get in certain situations, even when you’re clean. That feeling that you should be on something or want to be or have been in that situation in the past. That’s what anxiety feels like occasionally. That even when I’m not having anxiety it feels like it should be there. Does any of this go away simply by challenging my perception of comfort? I am not on meds but am in CBT if that’s helpful.', 'Do you live in or around Clarksville, TN?I don’t believe I have agoraphobia but definitely anxiety. With mild (what my therapist calls) agoraphobic tendencies. But I still like to go out and would really like to make some friends. My husband got stationed here about a year ago and haven’t had a lot of success meeting people.\nIf you have anxiety or agoraphobia and would like a pal to accompany you when you need to go out, for fun or just to runs some errands, or give you a haircut (I’m a licensed cosmetologist) I’d be happy to do so. (  •͈ᴗ•͈) \nPlease just shoot me a message. \nI’m going to be out of town soon for quite a while (about 2-3 months) but will be back once my husband comes back from his TDY.', "Online counselingAnyone have any recommendations for a reputable website that offers free anonymous online chat therapy? I've had such a tough day so far and would appreciate being able to talk to a compassionate being. Sending out all the love and sunshine I have left in me. ❤️", 'Has anyone tried an anti-inflammatory diet?Did it help?\n\nMy therapist suggested that I keep a food log and monitor my emotions before/during/after. \n\nHaving done this, I realised that my diet is carb heavy so she suggested trying an alternative diet so I was looking for information about whether people have tried it and whether it works.', 'Has anybody tried beta blockers?My psychologist recently recommended that I try propranolol. Does anybody have any experience with this?', 'Agoraphobia questionHi there, I’m dealing with a lot of the symptoms of agoraphobia, so I thought this might be the best place to ask.. I almost never leave the house, and when I do, I feel very stressed and sick. Yesterday, I was at another person’s house (it had been the first time i had left the house in weeks) and i passed out twice. I was getting overwhelmed and started panicking in that situation and I am wondering if my agoraphobia symptoms are what caused this.. is passing out due to stress/during panic attacks normal? Sorry if this doesn’t make sense or if this is weird, I’m just trying to understand more.', "Relapse frustrationAfter a bad panic attack outside at the end of 2018 I developed agoraphobia and found myself unable to attend lectures. I became bedbound and my world severely narrowed. Because of this I suspended my uni course for a year. \n\n\nI spent the whole of 2019 on meds, in therapy working things out. I got to the point where I could go shopping alone, go on trains, buses, walks. Gradually I stopped the medication. I felt amazing. I'd got my life back. \n\n\nUntil I moved back to uni last week. I walked to the supermarket and BAM I had a panic attack out of nowhere. A whole years' worth of work undone in seconds. Now I'm right back to square one. I can't leave the house.\n\n\nI moved back home. The 4 hour train ride back was hell. I panicked so bad- dizzy, sweating, heart racing. I thought I was going to pass out on the platform.\n\n\nMy first lecture is on Tuesday. 3 days to sort my head out?- Yeah right. I can't do it. I can't go back. I want to drop out of uni and hide in my bed forever.\n\n\nHas anyone else ever felt everything has been threatened by a relapse, and the frustration that comes with it?", "Possible plans this yearWARNING talks about fishing and hunting but neither will be for sport, I am just putting this warning just in case someone still doesn't like them.\n\n(WARNING)\n\n(WARNING)\n\n(WARNING)\n\n\nI'm thinking about starting fishing again in hopes it helps with my Agoraphobia and my mental health in general since I don't leave my house. \nFor those who don't like it for sport I will be giving them to multiple friends and family who don't have the time to fish/can't afford it.\n\nAlso once my dad gets his hunting camp built I'll hopefully be there a lot but I don't know if it will be done this year.\nAgain we don't hunt for sport, we do eat the meat and what we don't want is given to multiple family/my dad's friends.", "This might help you to read about an old (77) agoraphobic...working around it and enjoying life...1/11/2020\n\nI'm not going to bore you with my reasons I slid into agoraphobia, but just know they were due to bad decisions I made in my twenties. I was a weird kid too...an artist born into a family of college graduated accountants and engineers. I refused to go to school when I was 7 and the truant officer had to come to our house and try to scare me into it. That's how bad it was. I did start going to school eventually though. \n\nOk, this is how I got out of the house finally when I was in my early 30's. Divorced, living alone, no family support. Regular doctors didn't know what agoraphobia was in my town. They sent me to a psychiatrist. He had me read a book about someone thinking they couldn't take it anymore and knew they would die if they went outside, so in that way, decided to kill himself by walking outside. The anxiety overcame him so much that he felt his knees buckling and went to the ground. There he sobbed and sobbed. When he quit sobbing, his anxiety had left and he realized he wouldn't die after all. My shrink also told me to move out of town. I moved to Dallas. My sister and her husband lived there but had 5 kids so I couldn't stay with them. They helped me find an apt immediately and I got a low paying job. Mind you, I was having panic attacks all this time. I learned how to hide them while I applied for a job etc. I drove around the block about 5 times telling myself I had no choice but to go in and apply. My agoraphobia manifested itself mainly in stores and public places. I knew I had to get food but couldn't stand in lines at grocery stores. I still struggle with that and use the self-checkout lanes. I feel I can escape from there if I need to. But back then, I decided I could only make a meal of what I could buy quickly at a convenience store. I would go in and buy one loaf of bread, then go to another convenience store and buy one jar of peanut butter, etc. I'm sure they thought I was a secret shopper. This was back when gas was cheap. My incentive for getting through this agoraphobia was that I had no choice. I didn't have parents to escape to, and living off the government wasn't an option back then, or if it was, I didn't know how. I finally got so I could buy little amounts of groceries from a store during slow times. I had to tell the cashier on two different occasions that I was feeling ill and had to leave. They were very very nice about it, but I just didn't go back there again. I learned to deal around what I had to. I had NO CO-DEPENDENTS. That's my main point. When you have to deal with it on your own...you do.\n\nI now have a grown son, (50's) who hasn't left his house in about 10 years. He works independently on computer jobs. But he has the best co-dependent living with him...his girlfriend of 20 some odd years. He has been forced to leave his house twice, once to get a tooth fixed and once to move. I'm sure it was horrible for him. I feel sad that he has this condition, but I have decided I can do nothing about it and I know he might die an old man that way. We used to talk a lot about his condition, but I think he doesn't want to anymore, because he tries to slip in co-dependency in his talks with me, and I call him on it. He knows he can't use those excuses with me without me pointing them out. He sees a psychologist online and has been on tons of medicine hoping, like a lot of people, for the magic pill. \n\nI am on 120 mgs./day of extended release Cymbalta (generic) and have been for years. I sometimes come way down on my dosage and start to get off them, but they also relieve pain from arthritis so I chicken out finally and go back on them. I live in Senior Independent Living apartments and love to stay in my spacious apartment. But the minute I open my door, I'm thrown in with neighbors and their families. We have exercises, games, potlucks etc. But when I get too peopled out, I go home. I have never gotten completely free of agoraphobia but learned to live with it my way. I can and do go anywhere I want to, even out of town. I have flown on planes...I just tell myself that I could die in a plane crash, but I have to die of something, so why not look out the window and enjoy my last view of the [world.lol](https://world.lol)", 'I found this interesting, does anyone think they align more with Hikikomori rather than agoraphobia? ', 'HikikomoriI tried to share a post from r/science about Hikikomori but it didn’t post. \nI had never heard of this condition before, it seems similar to agoraphobia but without the panic attacks/fear of panic attacks. \nDoes anyone feel like their condition aligns more with Hikikomori versus agoraphobia? I suffer from panic attacks and fear of them so I’m agoraphobic, but I thought it was interesting that there is another condition that could lead to being home bound without that component.', 'Sexually Frustrated with AgoraphobiaI’m seeking legit advice. So I’m not totally home bound but it’s Harding meeting women in my area when you can’t go out much. My long-term gf and I split a few months ago and that was the last time I had sex. Honestly I’ve met a few girls on tinder but I can just say, “come over” when I haven’t even met the person. I mean I’m not sure what to do. I can’t really go in town and meet people, and I don’t feel like messing with the wife next door, tf do I do?', "Agoraphobia turn Depersonalization/Derealizationstarted off with panic attacks and anxiety through high school and early college then led to homebound. after a few months of being homebound i went to a doctor who prescribed me Prozac after a month or two i started to get DP/DR and it has since never gone away. stopped prozac for a few months then moved to Paxil for 7-8 months and still have DP/DR disorder. it doesn't come and go its constant. i kept telling my doctor something is wrong with my vision idk how to describe it, i went to see a optometrist they cleared me of anything and said i had 20/20 vision so months later i find out DP/DR sounds exactly like what im going through although some people get it when they have attacks or anxiety but mine never goes away. i only get relief at night before bed, the dark seems to help much better. its been over a year having DP/DR and on top of that the anxiety/panic comes along with it when leaving home possibly due to everything feeling off it freaks me out easier. i just feel all sorts of messed up. anxiety/panic, depression now, agoraphobic, DP/DR 24/7 i just have zero hope and not living is always on my mind now. cant go see anyone because its hard as hell to get out of the house and leave more than 5-10 minutes away without wanting to go back home. so lost, so confused, hopeless, helpless, i exist and i don't live anymore. anyone relate at all or have a cure for this horrible shit.", 'Any girls out there in the same situation as me?I’m 21 and never had a bf and still a virgin. As you can imagine, I’ve been sexually frustrated for a really long time and it’s not easy meeting guys, or people in general when I have social anxiety turned agoraphobia. I joined Facebook dating a couple of days ago, and while I did get “opportunities” I don’t want my first experience with sex to be casual sex with a stranger. I would like to be in a relationship first, but I suck at socializing especially with guys. I’ve also tried going out and meeting people like going to church and support groups, but nothing has come out of this as I’m either over the age of 18 to join certain groups or the people in these groups are waaaay above my age. I just wanna know how you all deal with this because this really sucks. I’ve really been feeling especially shitty lately about being single because everyone I know is in a relationship right now, about to get into one, or planning to get married.', 'Not diagnosed but...I believe that I have agoraphobic tendencies. I do suffer depression and anxiety for which I take medication. If it were up to me I’d never leave my house. I go to grocery store etc. without a problem but if I’m away from my home for over 3 hours I feel as if I HAVE to go home and I do. I don’t like to talk on the phone sou only answer for my sister and my husband( I live in Fl and my husbands business is elsewhere so he comes and goes) I will text. I occasionally force myself to go out to dinner but I’m mostly uncomfortable. I don’t like guests in my home. I will happily go out with old friends when they are around( once a yr maybe)\nThis works for me. My lifestyle is good for me. I’m calm at home with my 2 dogs. Does anyone understand this?', 'Accomplish something positive today...There is something that I\'ve found helps me tremendously, especially when I climb in bed at night right before I go to sleep. No it\'s not sex. I think back over the day like we all do and when I haven\'t accomplished anything except skirting around things that trigger agoraphobia, then it hasn\'t been a good day for me. So when I wake up I make a list (mental or on paper) of people I could call to check on. I make a plan with myself to not mention my own problems unless they ask, and then just tell how I\'m working on mine. We usually wind up laughing about life being unfair, and I try to give some corny encouraging words. So now, when I go to sleep, I will have had one accomplishment I\'m really proud of...reaching out to help someone. So what if I wasn\'t able to do a big humanitarian thing, I was able to help one person. I do have to have a plan to get off the phone politely though if I start feeling panicky, like, "Oh I just remembered, I put some cookies in the oven that are just about ready to come out. Of course, you\'ll have to keep a list of who you gave that excuse. lol', 'Keeping track of triggers and moodHi! My psychiatrist suggested I keep track of my agoraphobia and \nmood/triggers/anxiety with a journal. Does anyone here do that? If so, do you have any advice or suggestion for how I should best go about this, without making it too complicated? Thank you in advance!', "Going to Dentist tomorrow.Wish me luck..This is something I've been avoiding for the longest time! I have to have dental surgery sometime in the future. I'm trying to take this one step at a time. My mom will be going with me. From not leaving the house for 2 years, to moving and traveling across the country, and now I'm going to brave the dentist. It's another milestone. I made sure to have a female dentist as I'm female and I have PTSD associated with dentists so I hope this will help. This appt will be consultation mainly and x-rays. Hopefully not too much poking and prodding. (I'm very embarrassed by my teeth.) I have calcium deficiency so no matter what I've done it's been bad. \n\nWish me luck!!! I hope I can do this. My mom is going to take me out to dinner afterwards to celebrate. \n\nThanks for any support it is very appreciated!!!", "The last 3 months has been a roller coaster.After spending the last 8 or so years, in the house unless I was off to the doctors or somewhere necessary, I've been going out every other day. It began 16 hospital admissions ago, when my mother couldn't breath. So, 3 months ago. She ended up on dialysis, oxygen, and lots of medication. So I'm now officially her caretaker. Dialysis has lead to one of the nurses approaching me and I may be getting back in to the dating game soon, who knows. Honestly, I'd rather be home, but as long as I'm taking care of someone else, I can leave at a moment's notice. It was tough, my hyperhidrosis has been though the roof with my armpits like waterfalls. Spending $35 on 2 boxes of underarm pads every few weeks, on Amazon. -- I just need a break. So much happening and has happened at once. Even my doctor who I have seen since I was first diagnosed with anxiety and he diagnosed me with agoraphobia, was shocked to see me at the hospital with my mother. It's just the two of us so we only have each other. If you have any questions or would like to talk about the sudden changes, I'm free. I really need to talk anyways.", "I'm not backing down.My agoraphobia relapsed recently and I freaked out, left uni and came home. So much of me wants to drop out and curl up in bed forever. But no! I organised a movie night with a friend on Sunday so I have to go back. I'm calling at the doctor's Monday to re start my meds. My lectures re start Tuesday. I called a therapist and booked an appointment for next Thursday. I refuse to back down. I'm facing this and I am proud! 💪🏻", 'Clinically speaking I no longer fit the criteria for agoraphobia 😱😱💕 big step! ', "Nobody knows how bad it is, or maybe they do and I just can't be helped.For some reason my family doesn't seem to recognize how terrible my situation is. My friends realize it because I've completed isolated myself from them, but I don't know how to fix this. I'm not terrified to leave my house, but I'm certainly afraid to leave my town. Every day is pretty much the same. Between the depression and anxiety, I'm a fucking mess. I sleep till 5 or 6 pm at night, then I do some work until about 8 and then I doze in and out until 10. This is usually the decent part of my day, because I'm too tired to care about anything. It also means I miss out on living what little life I could possibly have. My naps are usually associated by some level of panic. I wake up with my chest on fire, my heart fluttering a mile a minute. Maybe I'll motivate myself enough to go to 7-11 to get cigarettes or to get fast food. If it's a weekend, I might even go to a movie. Sometimes I manage to drag myself to the pottery studio and I do some painting. But mostly, every day, it's this. Sleep all day, do my work from home job, play something on Nintendo switch, binge watch a tv show. I want to do things, I think. But mostly, I don't. I don't want to talk to my friends because I know how disappointed they are in me. They want to see me, they want to be friends with me, but they've also given up on trying to fix me. My best friend calls every so often, but if we don't just fake having a normal conversation, he'll remind me of all the things that I am missing out on in life which only hurts me more. He'll tell me about all of the moments that I could have enjoyed over the past year and it hurts me to my core. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI had a life once, a decent life, nothing amazing. But then I broke in October and slowly started to unravel until I'm now here. stuck in my house. Stuck in this repetitive cycle. I haven't seen my psych/therapist since October and I have an appointment tomorrow. I'm terrified to go because it's so far from home. I've been to the hospital probably 9 times since this all happened for EKG's, blood work, etc. Everything always comes back normal, but it doesn't matter. I'm still convinced I'm going to die, I'm still convinced I'm sick, I'm still convinced that I can't do much because it will kill my heart. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI wish I didn't have the anxiety so I could just kill myself.", "Anybody's agoraphobia linked with air travel? How do you deal with it?My agoraphobia is debilitating when it comes to air travel. I have no fear of flying or turbulence or any of that. It's literally the act of packing, going to the airport, and getting on the plane that sends me into panic attacks. I have missed multiple flights because of it. Can anyone relate? It's humiliating to have to admit to anyone - even to my therapist.", 'Hello! I have questionsHiya, I am a psych undergrad and I am making a project for my abnormal psychology class if anyone could help me out that would be awesome. So for the project, I must create a fictional case study and I happened to choose agoraphobia because it seemed very interesting to me. I just have a few questions you can feel free to answer. Thank you very much.\n\n\\- Do you self harm and does it relate to your agoraphobia?\n\n\\- When did your disorder develop? Do you know the possible cause?\n\n\\- What type of therapy/ medicine were you prescribed?\n\n\\- What is it like living with it?\n\n\\- How does it differ from social anxiety?', "Feeling suicidal but unwilling to try medicationI've been suffering from panic disorder with agoraphobia for about 11 years now and I've basically tried everything (CBT, exposure therapy, meditation, herbal supplements, diet changes, etc.) and I haven't found anything to work. I'm currently in college and my panic attacks are getting worse and I've just been feeling really depressed and suicidal lately because of it. My therapist recommended that I try medication but I'm hesitant to do so because I took Prozac last year and the side effects were awful, not to mention the fact that my anxiety/panic was even worse. Also, I'm very sensitive to physical sensations (hence my panic disorder) so I don't think that I'll handle the side effects well, and it'll be even harder to manage because I have to go to classes every day and try to maintain my grades. I also know some people who have tried a bunch of medications but none have worked for them, so I feel like it's pointless and I'll just feel the same but with more side effects. I'm concerned about sexual dysfunction because I heard that it can be permanent. However, I feel like I have no other option but to try another medication, so I'm just wondering what your opinions are - if you're taking medication for panic disorder, what are you taking and how do you feel on it? What were the initial side effects? I know I sound pretty irrational but I'm just really scared of medication. I would appreciate any input.", "I don't know what to do anymoreI'm seeing a psychiatrist and a therapist for my mental health diagnoses, but none of it seems to be helping. My shitty insurance won't allow me to change to different specialists so I'm stuck unless I want to pay out of pocket. \n\nEvery day I want to stay in and avoid people and stressful situations. I feel ashamed and embarrassed when I go out to the store, for example. If anyone talks to me,  I turn bright red and start sweating profusely. It's a challenge getting through the day. What do you guys do that helps you fight through your hard days? I'm not feeling suicidal but I feel like this is just the way my life is going to be from now on. Thanks for any advice or tips.", 'Getting some freedom back.Went into a store the other day which I haven’t done in five years. I did go with a family member and some assholes called me fat. BUT I was so fucking proud of myself. I felt the prison walls get a little kink in them and I ain’t stopping now! Going to a store tomorrow again with a family member (baby steps lol) but take it from somebody who basically never left their house for five years- it’s possible. Keep the faith, love you all.', "Anyone used Diazepam for Travelling by plane?I'm going on a 3 hour plane journey and the thought of it is scaring me, the doctor has given me 4 5mg diazepam to help deal with this, but will this completely take it panic away? If i take 5mg?", 'Not sure I have agoraphobia. prefer being at home, and on my own a lot. And happy with that. ', "I probably have agoraphobiaI'm diagnosed with generalized anxiety so I'm susceptible. I have safe zones: my house, my family's house, places that are far away from where anyone I know lives, but other than that, I barely leave my home. If it was up to me I wouldn't at all, but my family like doing stuff and I get dragged along. And even that is hard. Other than that, I don't really go anywhere. It's all centered over seeing/meeting someone I know while I'm out, plus my overall social anxiety. It may not seem much but it's crippling.", 'Does anyone else have this?I’m afraid to go outside alone but not because of reasons most people with agoraphobia.\nWhenever I go outside I think something bad is gonna happen. Like most extreme case scenarios like getting kidnapped/raped etc.\nI always had this ever since i remember. When I went home from school I always ran as fast as I can because I thought someone was gonna kidnap me. Idk\nWhen I go outside with other people I’m not scared and I feel ok (still anxious but because of other reasons).\nBecause of this I NEVER go outside alone but I wish I could just go to school and go to a store and have fun but I’m not able to.', "Finally found out, it is agoraphobia!Suddenly out of nowhere 3 years ago I became super scared of going anywhere outside my house because I was afraid I would throw up or have diarrhea and could not go anywhere 'safe'. I have since then tried to fight my way through it with exposure and changing the way I think. So nowadays, I can go outside my house. Take a train for an hour and go visit my mom or go to a concert. However, this intense feeling of dread is still there. I would not say I am scared to death anymore, I used to be, but now it just feels like an intense 'I really rather not go through this again'. \n\nFor years I was convinced I had some sort of extreme anxiety or social anxiety. After my third therapist I finally found out, I have agoraphobia. I am scared to get unwell in public and unable to go anywhere 'safe' which makes me feel trapped and very very uncomfortable. I still do things however. I go to dinner, I go to parties, but always with this intense feeling of dread on the way there that makes me want the cancel the whole thing. Does anyone have any advice or tips? Since I am going places anyway, I'd like to learn how to enjoy things again.", "Middle Aged and Agoraphobic. My Two Cents.Quite a few years ago I was a mostly outgoing living life to the full kind of person I had a great circle of friends who I spent time with often I could go to the usual social gatherings without a care in the world a little insecure perhaps but then who isn't. Then one day out of the blue while getting prepared to leave the house to attend a friends birthday party something I can only describe as a bomb went off inside my chest this was quickly followed by a feeling of pure panic, sweating and an overwhelming feeling of I CAN NOT GO. I remember clinging on to the railing in my bathroom trying to make sense of what was happening as my heart beat out of my chest I had maybe had the odd panic attack in my life but nothing like this, this was something else entirely something that physically and mentally made me feel almost broken. \n\nA friend soon turned up to see if I was ready and I had to take them to one side and try and explain what I was going through and why no matter what they did I could not go of course they didn't understand and grabbed hold of me to force me to go which only set me off once more. Upon seeing my extreme reaction they knew there was no way they would get me to go and the birthday would have to go on without me present. I felt so guilty and I knew they were deeply upset and even angry that I could not be there on such an important day. A few hours later I tried to get myself together got redressed and tried to talk myself into going over the road to the party but as soon as I reached the front door, it all started all over again. At this time I was already in my late forty's which made it even more difficult to contemplate how such a thing could happen so late in life but it did and I've been dealing with it ever since that day.\n\nThe longest period I have not stepped out of the house for was eight weeks and it took me months to start going out again on regular intervals the problem being the issue comes and goes in waves sometimes I can go out a little every day other times not once for an entire week. Considering I used to love walking in the countryside so much the feeling I get when on a good day I do manage it is rather special I take lots of photos and feel as though I accomplished a step in the right direction. I had been put on medication for extreme social anxiety but the side effects became too much and as such I've gone med free for the last year or more but now I feel the frustration I once felt at not being able to simply walk out my door is slowly creeping back in. I sometimes get angry at people I love who while supportive do not understand my situation I have also attended CBT which helped for a short while. There are a lot of other reasons behind why I feel like I am the way I am today but I won't dwell on those here too much. \n\nI think the worst thing and the very reason I am here now typing this is to not feel like you are the only person going through what you are going through on a daily basis as every single debilitating condition be it physical or mental someone somewhere is going through it too and searching for answers the same way you are. Although I've only read a few of the posts on here thus far already I am seeing that what I write here will not only be understood but also somewhat appreciated as every story told is one that may hold just some of the answers we all seek to beat this horrible condition. \n\nThank you for listening.", "Does anyone have tendencies around leaving their rooms?Hi, I'm 21 and female and in my first year of university. I have anxiety and undiagnosed agoraphobic tendencies with not being able to what previously was my house is now my room. I am unable to leave my room to go to the loo, leading to constant urine infection, or to go to the kitchen to eat if I know anyone is in my flat. I am unable to go to the doctors about this as I have not left my halls, apart from food shops with a flatmate, for 2 months. Any ideas or tips, anyone going through the same thing. Never hear much about people unable to leave their rooms rather than their house", 'Any skateboarders on here?Curious to know if there’s any other skateboarders that suffer with agoraphobia/panic attacks that are on this sub', 'The world feels so unsafeI’ve recently been on my lowest with my agoraphobia, haven’t gone out on my own. I just i think for now I’ve stopped the fight. I’m stable enough, I go out when my mom or my bf drives but I haven’t been independent. I don’t trust myself anymore. My positivity has drained, my kindness has drained. I’m drained. I feel so unmotivated :( \nI feel like if I go out, I’m going to get kidnapped or like someone’s going to follow me Etc. The world is so scary. I know I need to chill out bc the world can also be a beautiful peaceful place but I’m just so scared. I don’t know why, I don’t see myself recovering anymore again. It’s so sad. How do you guys cope? What do you guys do to regain the motivation or hope. It’s been so hard to break out of this pattern. Staying home so much has been depressing me and has made me stress so much due to my homes toxic environment. This sucks! I have no more fight in me but I also don’t just want to quit. :( don’t feel like myself anymore.', 'Remember to live in the momentI only recently realized I’ve likely had agoraphobia for years now, but just thought it was social anxiety, and that I was just a weak minded individual with no spine before that. As it turns out, I’m a badass for surviving it untreated for as long as I did and now I don’t even try to leave the house. My therapist has made me realize that all the things I wanted to accomplish in my life aren’t achievable in my current state (I need to learn the basics on regulating emotions and expectations) and the people I’ve tried to model myself after probably had the love and support a decent upbringing entails. Not sure about most of you but my childhood was atrocious and one of the perks of getting older is that I remember less and less of it. Unfortunately, the body never forgets so here I am, hiding away.\n\nI’m having a hard time reconsidering what I want my future to look like. I’m tired of trying to fulfill what society deems as successful, and just want to be happy and whole. Naturally, I can’t stop thinking about the future which is sending me into a panic. I’m excited about this new direction my life has taken but I just don’t know what a happy and whole recluse looks like because society makes them/us seem like a bunch of sad sacks. Now, I’m determined to be the happy recluse (with the ability to leave the house on occasion which is what my therapist and I are working towards) and honor my mind, body, and spirit by accepting I can’t change how I grew up, but I can try to make a fitting future.\n\nBut before I can do all that, I need to first just live in the moment. So I’m trying to breathe my way through a pending anxiety attack and just  r e l a x. I’m getting there. \n\nIf you have any examples of happy hermits, please forward along. As I practice being present it wouldn’t hurt to read about my future could be like for a little assurance.', 'Fear of being trapped/unable to escapeSince starting Paxil a few months ago my life has improved dramatically. My anxiety and panic levels were constant at a 10, now I am at a 6-7 and don’t obsess or worry incessantly like I used to. I do erp therapy to overcome this horrid disorder and at the root of it seems to be this internal deep fear that I won’t be able to escape or get to safety quickly enough. I know it’s literally just the flight response amplified during a panic attack and years of me taking those anxiety/panic thoughts seriously (because I didn’t know any better) and fleeing or canceling in order to make the anxiety go away. I also had a few traumatic panic attacks in my life where I was far away from home and truly unable to escape therefore had to endure hours long panic attacks. Which I’m sure is what triggered this whole thing. I’m going to up my dose of Paxil and hope it helps keeping taking the edge off of everything so I can overcome this. I don’t want to be afraid of being far away from home or fearful of being unable to escape because I want to travel and live a normal productive life. Anyone else have this same fear??', 'Anxiety holds me back from being my true selfHow does one go in public without having a panic attack? It irks me inside &amp; out to think about it sometimes. Other times I can handle myself okay for a little while. I am working on myself, using the coping skills I’ve learned from CBT &amp; DBT. Without those skills I couldn’t imagine where I would be. I am grateful I don’t have to see what that looks like. It doesn’t make it any less difficult. Anxiety is there to protect me. This anxiety in me is so strong it’s doing more damage than good at this point. I will not succumb to the temptations of anxiety ruining my life.', 'StrugglingIt hurts. No one seems to understand the pain I feel. I start college in 3 days, I’m going too have to drop out since I can’t seem to go. All that effort for nothing.', 'Help me. It’s been 1 year. No job, no school to get me out.I’m specifically asking ppl that have successfully recovered. \n\nBackstory: I’m 19. I graduate CC and highschool when I was 18. I graduated hs in June and college in winter. After that winter I stayed in side a lot played some games. I started becoming more anxious. And when January 2019 came I had a performance for a music show I got to panicky when I got there I couldn’t find parking so I went home. \n\nI got drunk off of some gin and stayed up late till like 4 or 5 am. And it wasn’t that much fun cuz I’m a light drinker. I woke up with a bad anxious hangover. My whole body felt bad but I was ok with it. I just felt really hungry. I ate some breakfast went out and got Burger King and I started feeling derealization and panic. It was fine until I got a call from an artists saying I had a recording session that I forgot about. So I rushed home but I told him that I was too anxious and we could reschedule . I was having a full panic attack. By then I thought it was probably better for me to deal with it. So I did and as he was leaving I told him I changed my mind. His ride left and he had no car so I had to drive him home after the session but I started feeling light headed, hungry and anxious as I got on the highway. I want scared of anything I was just panicking. \n\nI got off at the next exit. I got trapped at a red light my heart was beating, my mouth was dry, I was tired, really hungry even though I ate enough. I had this image feeling to open my door and run. My vision was getting darker like I was passing out too. And it felt like i was having a heart attack. He told me to breath. But I think I hyperventilated. I was passing out almost, and I was driving dangerously almost hitting cars. But I was able to get home and drop him off at a bus stop on the way.\n\nBefore that I went through some medical stuff when I was a kid. I think I always had anxiety but I would always bounce back. I did have 3 months were I skipped school as a pre teen tho. I was a self concious as a kid but I was confident if that makes sense. Like I cared too much what people think but I wasn’t afraid to speak my mind loud. But that started to gradually shift.\n\nBack to that panic attack that’s what got me to where I am now. I try to get out everyday but nothing feels the same. I have derealization 24/7, panic and anxiety daily, depressed (but probably caused by my anxiety). I try to get ot of the house but I haven’t been to my friends house, any social gatherings in a year and I feel like I’m wasting my youth. I think it’s crazy how it’s 2020 which makes my derealization worse because I don’t want to get older. I think being 17-18 was the perfect age. And 19 is just scary.\n\nBut anyways. My main fears when getting out is being trapped I guess. Im scared of getting stuck in traffic, in a barber chair, or passing out while working out. \n\nThe thing is I also have anxiety at home when I’m doing nothing. \n\nI have tried exposure, and I got to my 10 which is a 4 hour trip and I stayed for a few days with my family somewhere. But that didn’t do anything. I go to the psychologist every week (I see the same one so I plan on seeing a different one soon). I’ve tried meditating. I went to the gym 2 weeks straight (I want to workout but it’s hard to get to the gym cuz agoraphobia and I get faint otherwise I’d be going to the gym all time). I tried Zoloft, and another ssri but couldn’t get past 2 days because it felt like psychological torture and the side effects were horrible. \n\nAnd I do music and social media stuff and I blew up 2019 while I was going through all of this.\n\nAnd making music and running my businesses requires being computers a lot which I think triggers derealization. Idk\n\nBut my depression isn’t really sad. Sometimes it is but it’s more numbness. Like I don’t feel that dopamine release when I listen to music anymore, or when I make a song. And masterbating doesn’t feel the same anymore. Although it might be cuz I’m addicted to that 😂 I also thought that maybe nofap might help woh that and my anxiety but idk.\n\nI think what I need is the structure and social setting like school or a job. But while it makes me less agoraphobic cuz school trains me to get out and adds momentum today. I can’t be going to school forever and I already know I want to do music and I am succeeding. \n\nUsually I have panicky stages in my life that usually go away within 2 weeks but this has lasted over a year. And I don’t want another year to pass like that. 2019 was the worst year of my life. I just want my life back. I want to hang out with my friends, be happy, and fuck bitches 😂\n\nPlease if you have any advice or a structured pan to get me out of this lmk', 'Who else is in their early 20’s and has been mostly stuck at home for more than 3+ years?My asshole of a brother just ruined my whole mood because he’s drunk and decided to remind me that I’m 21 and I eventually will have to become someone. And now I’m having a panic attack. This idiot thinks that I enjoy being at home doing nothing not having a life. I just want to know that I’m not alone because it often feels like everyone my age is out there living life and having fun all the time. I seriously hate social anxiety/agoraphobia for ruining what are supposedly supposed to be the best years of my life.', "How to be of help to someone with agoraphobia with panic disorder?My girlfriend has been diagnosed with agoraphobia with panic disorder and has been taking low doses of klonopin for years to cope with it. This works pretty well for her, but she recently got prescribed pain medication and when she went to her therapist, they took away her prescription for klonopin because of it. They told her she shouldn't take both and drive, so taking care of one issue just led to many more. I don't know what I can do to help or maybe someone has some insight on what she could do to help the situation. Thanks for any replies and take care.", 'Does anybody have their own version of a “security blanket” when going out?I never go anywhere with a bottle of water. Dry mouth is one of the most common symptoms of my anxiety. It also helps a bit with nausea. The only downside is now if I don’t have water with me, I start to panic just from not having it. (those mini bottles are perfect for fitting in my vest at work).', 'DatingI’m 29 and have never been in a relationship. Not because I think I’m ugly, I’m sure I’m decent enough, but because of my social anxiety and moderate agoraphobia. Girls younger than me want to go travel and live life, while girls my age and older want to settle down with someone who has experience. Not that I blame any of them, it’s my own fault. I guess I just don’t feel worthy of having a girlfriend. That I’d make her feel more like a caretaker or something instead of a girlfriend. I’m not in any rush to be married and have kids or anything, but i worry at the thought of time running out.', 'Job suggestions for agoraphobia?Now I’m not saying I’m only looking for jobs where I never leave the house. (probably unhealthy and would make me worse) But I do wish I had a job where I can just be left alone for the most part to do my work. Don’t care how boring or mundane it is. Right now I work at Walmart in produce. I’m never trapped at a register and a lot of the times in the back. But I can’t really move forward there without being very social. (Plus I hear it’s not worth it) So any suggestions?', "What's your biggest fear?Mine is heights.  I know there will be a few that wont agree with what I say, but when I am gone of this world I hope to god I dont have to conquer my fears first before I go on.   I have even trouble watching movies with high building, because I put myself in them for some reason, like I'm looking down.  \nLet alone just driving anywhere is a pain in the ass in its self. \nAnyway. Was just curious what peoples biggest fears are.", 'Freaking out over internshipNot a lot of work history, 25 about to turn 26 but for internships they want to know. My school isn’t really helping me out in finding one for summer either. I’ve emailed a couple places and one got back to me but I’m frozen. They want an interview and I’m like shit I have to go through the motions of this and they might reject me. I’ve slowly been doing exposure therapy but it’s only going into the grocery store. I don’t know what the hell im going to do if I actually have to go somewhere during the week i don’t know if I’m going to be able to handle it. I feel like this is too much right now I feel like avoiding. I know I’m not good enough, there just gonna laugh at me. Help!', 'MedicationIs there a preferred SSRI for treating panic attacks and agoraphobia?\n\nAre there other long term, non addictive anti anxiety drugs out there, or just SSRIs?', "Guys, my brother needs help.I don't know where else to post this. My brother has been in decline for several years now. When we were younger we smoked this thing called Spice. Stupid, I know. But since then I have become an accomplished member of the family. I've moved away and have a family of my own.\n\nMy brother had a really bad anxiety attack whilst on Spice and his life spiraled from there. He started to withdraw from us and not be his usual self. I remember he asked me the next day if I felt different. He asked if I felt like I was still on it. I said I didn't. Anyway, he pulled away from going out. Then he pulled away from family gatherings. Eventually it got so bad he never wanted to see family or anyone. Fast Forward to today, this is about 8 or 9 years since mind you, he will not leave the house. He almost never leaves his bed or the recliner. I came home awhile ago and wanted to see him and my mom wouldn't let me because he would feel insecure and be embarrassed. He is in his late 20s now. Eventually one day I had to enter the house and he looked terrible. I found out that my mom bought him a portable toiled that is usually used for the elderly. It's become so severe he has gotten to where he will not go outside at all. He won't even let the dog out. He lives his days between that recliner and his bed and he usually always needs to lye down because he is in pain. He is in pain because he never worked. He never utilized his muscles so they are deteriorating because he is in pain due to the inactivity and always laying down. He has this phobia where he can't swallow certain foods. He feels like he is going to choke so he eats a meal a day spread out. A lot of days he won't eat. When I say meal, I mean slimfast and yogurt. My mom told me he doesn't eat a normal meal, EVER. I feel like she is enabling him. He is not the same person I once knew. I knew that years ago when this initially started but coming home was heart breaking and when we talk about it it breaks my heart again every time. My mom will not come to terms with the fact that it wasn't just the drug that did it. She blames it but she enables this behavior by babying him. What can I do. My brother is literally deteriorating and dying and I don't know how we can help turn this around. Initially we thought it would change but it is getting worse. He looks terrible and feels terrible and I feel like he is ready to die and just waiting. I don't know what to do. Sorry for the long wall of text. We used to be best friends and bond over music. Now he is not the same person and we almost never get to talk at all.", 'CollegeThinking of not going tomorrow (my first day of college) and dropping out and going back next semester. I cant do this. I just cant do it. Im in so much pain I dont know what to do', 'CureSometimes I wonder if I should just go to the mall or somewhere i know I’ll panic and let the panic attacks hit me over and over again until they go away, like literally let it break me down to my lowest most scared self and then when nothing physically harming actually happens (as I know nothing will) maybe I’ll be free. Do any of you feel the same?', 'Battling agoraphobiaHow do you guys deal with agoraphobia? I’m struggling over here', 'Small winWent into the grocery store again today after almost relapsing (second time in five years). Everything in my mind told me not to but I feel so happy I didn’t give into the fear. The struggle is real though it’s amazing how I can one day make progress then the next almost be back to where I started. Much love all.', 'Group chat?Hello! Just wondering if there is any type of group chat out there where we can all share experiences and boost each other?', 'Going to ikeaI have to go to Ikea because I have to buy some stuff. I’ve been putting it off for forever but I have to go today. Unfortunately it’s very sunny out and the store is huge. Does anyone have any coping mechanisms or mantras or something like that which I can use?', "How did you tell your family?I've been diagnosed for a several months, but I haven't told anyone in my life except for one of my closest friends and my significant other. I'm having trouble telling my family and other close friends. I'm afraid they will judge me, or not believe me. I'm afraid they'll think I'm being dramatic or lying or trying to get attention. \n\nI am also afraid that they'll treat me like a child or like I'm made of glass. I don't want to make a big emotional deal out of it, but I know my mother especially will do exactly that. I just don't know how to navigate these waters. How did any of you tell your loved ones? If you haven't told anyone, how have you concealed your agoraphobia from those around you? Just the thought of telling others exhausts and stresses me out, but I know I need to do it eventually.", 'Agoraphobia morphing into BDD?I have been agoraphobic for roughly 15 years, but able to manage it with my OCD rituals. This year I finally submitted to being on medication (best choice of my life). I deal much better with my OCD than I did before; however, I feel like my Agoraphobia has just morphed into: ‘I’m not “allowed” to leave the house or be seen in public because I’m so incredibly ugly and fat’. I have got to the point where I removed all mirrors in my house, because I can’t stand to look at myself.\n\nMy issue used to be that I was terrified to leave my house because my house was my safe space, and I can control what happens here. Now I’m not leaving my house because I hate myself and my appearance.\n\nHas this happened to anyone else? I feel like I’m alone and even more of a ‘weirdo’ than I already knew myself to be.', 'I want to go on a trip BUT...i haven’t been on a trip since 2016 due to severe anxiety about leaving the house and travel, i want to go somewhere tropical so badly but i feel like i need to be drugged up just to go to the airport/plane ride', "5yrs houseboundI'm fed up but terrified to seek help since it's too difficult to leave my home or even talk on the phone, I'm worried if I reach out for help my anxiety will spiral out of control and I'll lose it :( I don't know what to do, I need help but how? Should I just rock up at the er which will surely push me off the deep end or just push myself more but slowly till I'm ready to see a doctor? I am on meds but clearly they don't work, it's been so long 5yrs I don't know what to do. Any advice plz", 'Anyone else feel like they are in Groundhog day-esque loop? ', 'BeginningsI’m wondering how and when your agoraphobia started?\nWere you blind sided?\nAny warnings?\nWhere do you think it came from? \nThanks', 'May need disability fast. Advice ?I am a virtual housebound agoraphobic. I currently live alone in a one-bedroom apartment which is about $1,100 a month. I was fortunate this last year to have my own business selling things online and was able to cover the cost of living. Over the last two months my business has basically went down to nothing and I have no ability to afford my life. I can hardly drive 2 miles from my house, let alone find a job that will pay me enough to cover my overhead. how long does it take to get disability? I have been seeing a therapist for almost a year now. can you work part-time on disability? I never thought I would end up on this path but I literally may have no choice.', "Making money while home boundSo I notice a lot of people on here have the issue of not being able to work while home bound, and are looking for ways to make money.\n\nI'm thinking what if it's possible agoraphobic people can provide some kind of service, something along the lines of content creation, such as article writing, if there's enough of us from different places then we can provide a service. \n\nIf anyone is interested please fill this form out, if you don't trust me with your email address then leave that bit blank.\n\n[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScxta1FKT8dlmpV3gpzJCWRHadCrEA-DqKbX0rpliG1I8yWmw/viewform?usp=sf\\_link](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScxta1FKT8dlmpV3gpzJCWRHadCrEA-DqKbX0rpliG1I8yWmw/viewform?usp=sf_link)\n\nI'm doing this because right now I can't go outside at all myself so I'm trying to make the best of a bad situation.\n\nThanks", 'I think I’m developing agoraphobia and I need advice about schoolOr more correctly, I’ve always had it to some extent but I didn’t know what it was, and now it’s gotten to the point where I struggle everyday to go to school and work. My brother had it severely as a child and didn’t leave the house, even to play in the backyard, for 2+ years. I’ve always had issues with severe anxiety but recently it’s gotten worse.\n\nEveryday I have class I end up staying up all night the night before with anxiety and have trouble staying awake in class. Last semester and the one before my grades began slipping. I’ve always been a straight A student but last semester I got a C-. I’ve tried talking to people, friends, family, school counselor, and I feel like nobody is taking me seriously because I seem too “high functioning”. I can’t even make myself leave the house to see a doctor. The only reason I’m still in school this semester is because I already paid for it.\n\nMy health is failing, I feel sick everyday. I’m thinking about dropping a Japanese class I have, but I don’t want to get behind in my studies. It’s the only subject I care about right now, even though it isn’t my major. Unfortunately it’s also the hardest for me right now, because it’s my earliest class of the day and the teacher is the most rigorous and likes to call on me in class.\n\nI’ve been up all night again and I have class in an hour and a half. I have a headache but I promised my teacher I wouldn’t miss again. Two weeks into the semester and I’m already flaking. :(\n\nShould I drop the class and do self-study even though I know it isn’t as efficient? If I don’t drop it now I’ll be charged for it. I don’t want to but I need to stay enrolled in the classes for my major, and I’m afraid I’ll drop out later and lose my money if I don’t now...', 'Ready to change your life? Look up this guy!Hi!! Agoraphobic for 20+ years here. I had a bad flare up recently and decided to go looking on FB and IG for support. \n\nIf you haven’t already, look up “The Anxious Truth” podcast, follow Drew on IG, and join his FB support group. It has seriously been a life changer. I can share links if anyone needs them. \n\nHe does NOT sugarcoat things and quite honestly can seem a little harsh with some of the things he says. HOWEVER. Sometimes, tough love is what you need to hear and if you’re actually ready to get better, check him out. He has recovered from agoraphobia himself as well as many people in his group. \n\nIt’s worth checking out if you’re ready to make a  big change!!!', 'Taking an international flight in a month - terrifiedSo, yesterday I got invited on a spring break trip with some good friends. It’s to the Bahamas, which is a 2 hour flight from me. One of the girls had frequent flyer miles, and immediately bought my ticket. Which was so sweet. Mind you, I haven’t been on a flight in maybe 9 or 10 years. The last time I tried to fly, I ran off before leaving the gate because I began to panic. My friends don’t know the severity of my anxiety, and quite frankly, I’m too embarrassed to tell them. I’ve done many cross country road trips in the past few years, so I’m no stranger to leaving home, but I knew I could always drive back at anytime. Thinking about the busy airports, customs process, and flight itself kept me up all night. This is an amazing opportunity, but what if I make it there and am too terrified to fly home? What if I’m panicked the whole trip? Any tips or stories on flying/traveling with panic disorder and agoraphobia?', 'To tell work, or not?I was diagnose some years back, but as with most things, it has gotten both somewhat better, and somewhat worse. In my work setting it has begun to become more of an issue as they change how jobs and titles function. I have told my immediate boss that i have "anxiety problems" in the past, but never told her or provided medical documentation. I fear that sometime a co worker might misunderstand my actions or similar. So should i formally go to HR with a medical note? I feel like that is asking for different treatment, but i do not want to be treated like delicate china plates, or worse relagated to crap work. Any ideas? Does it make sense or am i over thinking this?', "I need help to evaluate my situation, anyone there?Hey guys, I recently got diagnosed with agoraphobia with a panic disorder and a depression episode a few weeks ago. I need your help to evaluate my situation. \n\nI'll start with a bit of background info first. \nThis basically started in November 2019 when I basically dropped out of university because I couldn't bear to go there anymore. I was having panic attacks whenever I needed to go to lectures. I'm 18 and started my studies at uni in October 2019 and I really don't know why this got so bad. I've always been introverted and never liked to go out much but it's never been this severe. I've been hiding at home since December and I'm really scared to loose my life to it. I'm terrified of going anywhere near university and I don't plan to continue my studies anyways and do something else but I'm afraid I will end up with the same panic at a new job or occupation. Next week, I have several job interviews for apprenticeships. \nI had similar problems in the past when I was 12/13 but they never got diagnosed let alone treated. I'm struggling with anxiety and depression on and off since then.\n\nSo, as of now, agoraphobia as a diagnosis makes a lot of sense and explains a lot about my behavior. I just don't really know what to do now. I'm seeing a therapist on Tuesday and I want to prepare a little by evaluating my situation beforehand to be able to be more specific and not waste time but I'm having trouble deciding what actually is problematic behavior due to agoraphobia and what is just my personality. Can anyone please help me? It would help greatly if you could explain what agoraphobia is to you and what it does to you. Of course i read up on google search results but I think it might be better to hear it from a first person perspective. So if you could share your story, I'd be so grateful!", "Emptyness of being aloneBeen 6 years since I left college and became a shut in because of  gad and panic, which shortly became agoraphobia. I'm 29 now and your 20s are apparently the best years of your life were you get into relationships and have so much fun but I've never had anything like that and 6 years stuck indoors hasn't helped neither or living with my parents still it's so depressing.\n\n I am working on exposure therapy and it's horrible and so difficult. My teeth hurt every day too, as I can't go out to get them fixed. I feel like  I'm going to be trapped indoors till I die and grow old alone and never find love. it's sad as hell never been in a relationship also 29 year old virgin on top of that I'm pretty much same dude from that movie but worse.  I got 1 friend I speak to online now and then from college but that's it.  My parents think it's something I should easily be able to get over and ate 0 help at all.  I just want a girl by my side who I can treasure and spoil someone to love and grow old with is it too much to ask for I don't care about being rich or looking amazing I just want my life back and someone to spend it with sigh. Sorry for all the weird stuff said just needed to rant my frustration.  One good thing from my anxiety and agoraphobia is I'm terrified of death so suicide ain't on my no 1 list and hope it will never come to that I do get nasty thoughts at times but never acted apon.", "My Husband is Getting Fed UpI have been on and off housebound this year. I'm a stay at home mom and my husband works. He does the grocery shopping for our family, takes out the trash, and occasionally cooks dinner. Otherwise I do the rest because of the immense guilty I feel over having agoraphobia. \n\nAnytime I cant do something out of the house he freaks out at me. He says to just do it and i cant just stay inside. I go to therapy weekly, I'm on medicine, and I'm taking small steps! This week I went to the post office twice and once even stayed in a line for awhile. \n\nBut he is losing patience and I feel like a terrible wife and a terrible mother. I want more for my life and work hard everyday to expand my safe zone to get there but when he yells at me and belittles the progress I've made I feel like giving up. I understand why hes mad I dont blame him. I'm mad at myself too. \n\nDoes anyone else have a significant other that reacts this way? I wish I could get him to understand I'm putting in the work. I dont know maybe I deserve to be yelled at.", "Left my house on my own for the first time in over a year and it went as well as I expected.I don't know how much longer I can handle this for. My world is shrinking smaller and smaller. Sometimes I even get anxious to leave my bedroom.", 'In need of hope.I have extreme anxiety (since I was 15 I’m now almost 23) &amp; agoraphobia ( I have dealt with that for a little over a year now) I’m just now seeking professional help because my brother is getting married in June and it would kill me to not be able to attend. I never leave the house and I don’t even like people coming over. I have completely isolated myself from friends, family, and society and am in dire need of help. But I’m an idiot and have been looking into people’s experiences with professional help and have found a lot of unsuccessful stories that have put me in a bad headspace and has left me questioning if I will ever be able to be a normal functioning member of society and if I will ever be able to live a happy life. Anyone with a somewhat happy ending mind sharing your experience to give me some hope?? It would mean a lot to me.', 'How old is everyone and how long have you been dealing with your agoraphobia? ', 'Afraid to go to a College ClassWell, I have mainly GAD and I’m taking anti anxiety meds including Prozac. I have started my bachelors degree this month and I have register for classes online, but my mom wants me to go to class that starts on Friday at 9:00am-10:30am, but I’m anxious about it. I haven’t been in campus in a year so I have anticipation anxiety. My dad doesn’t want to take me either, I couldn’t blame him. But I have to make a decision before midnight to stay if I’m going to stay in the online class or change to traditional class.', 'First postI have agoraphobia and it has gotten worse over time within the past month I experienced a couple of small but enough traumatic events a multi apartment fire and blockage sleep apnea an has made my agoraphobia an anxiety so badly an have developed more twitches an I have to constantly either cancel or reschedule appointments and have to blow up friends and tell my family I can’t do anything and was just wondering if anyone could help me get through this or have any tips or tricks to make it easier to live with?, I’ve looked up on Google but I thought from the source would be the best to ask, thank you very much for the help', "Recent Success's Living With AgoraphobiaBeing an Hermit, is cool &amp; all, I've finally got myself to an point, where things are easier than they have EVER been!", "I need help.While I haven't been diagnosed with agoraphobia, every time I leave the house I end up having panic attacks or atleast get extremely anxious. It's taken over my life in 3 months and I dont know what to do. I dont know how I can improve my situation. I feel trapped. I used to love leaving the house going on long drives, now I can barely leave the house for 5 minutes.  Is there anything I can do?", 'Dating With Agoraphobia!Im currently going through a tough breakup where i spent the last 7 years building up my high school gf. I supported her through her parents divorces her dads, grandfather and many animals Deaths. I was also the only one to encourage her to pursue the degree she wanted and not the degree her e wanted her to get.\nWell about 3 years ago i got diagnosed with Generalised Anxiety relating to Agoraphobia and have constant trouble leaving the house and getting to any planned event. I discovered the my ex other half has recently gotten a boyfriend and as it has got me a bit depressed atm Its also got me thinking about the dating scene.  What i want to know is that are there any couples who have agoraphobia, how did u meet, and how do u maintain the relationship if one person cant leave the house?', 'Tired of fighting this diagnosis- Need some adviceI’ve had this diagnosis for around two years. I hate it. I think it’s dumb, but I also think I’ve never fully understood it, had it explained to me, or taken the time to try to understand it myself. Either academically or personally within myself. \n\nI got it along with a nice shiny personality disorder diagnosis that took precedence at the time (and which I’m now thinking may have been misdiagnosed) when agoraphobia is the thing causing problems in my life right now.\n\nLast week, in pursuance of a new diagnosis, I met with a literal brain scientist. I’m going to undergo neurological testing next month but we talked about my agoraphobia as well. I don’t feel scared of going out, to me I feel it’s a preference compounded by my inability to drive because of panic attacks and lack of access due to having no one in my life, including my husband due to his extreme work schedule.\n\nBut the doctor said I am in danger of or actively damaging my brain right now from being alone too much. I’d estimated I’m alone 95% of the time, literally. And when he asked me about psychosis, I described a little weird stuff but I realize now I concealed some events that would probably have been more of interest to him. I think I did that out of denial and fear more than anything malicious or stupid.\n\nHe said scientists know how damaging extended isolation can be from studying prisoners in solitary confinement. Ffs.\n\nI don’t work. I have a hostile neighbor that makes me very uncomfortable to be outside anymore. I can’t drive. I don’t have any friends in the town I live in. My parents live in this town too but my dad is always busy and my mom sucks. I don’t have a lot of money for ubers and stuff. And uuuuhhh. My desire to not go places outweighs my desire to go places. And where would I even go???\n\nBut my brain is dying and I might literally be heading for a psychotic break. What should I do??? Am I bullshitting myself?? Every therapist I’ve ever been to tells me I’m smart, good at figuring out my own problems, making connections, blah blah blah. Have I finally found the one thing I’m deluding myself on? That I am incapable of working out for myself? Do I sound like I’m in denial? Is it obvious to everyone but me that agoraphobia is the biggest problem here? Am I becoming paranoid in a way that also points to psychosis? Lol.\n\n\nI need advice on how to become more social with some of the practical limitations I have, like transportation, before my brain finishes the process of turning to jelly. Also, if anyone knows any good resources for agoraphobia, books or the like, that would also be helpful. Thank you.', 'Might be an agoraphobeLast summer, I was under a high degree of stress and got diagnosed with GAD after suffering from crippling panic attacks. More and more, I also have some symptoms of agoraphobia. I have tried medication and it it did not work for me. I have a long trauma history that includes things like sexual assault and being assaulted by a female boss (I am also female) who tried to kiss me at a company happy hour. I am frightened both of leaving home and of people entering my home against my will.\n\nI tried to stay positive when I lived completely alone, but it was so scary and not a good fit. Every day, I would come home to my apartment and check every room, closet, and behind the shower curtain to make sure that no one is lurking. Sometimes I would also have nightmares about someone breaking in, which isn\'t a situation I\'ve actually been through IRL. The idea of strangers in my living space makes me uncomfortable, just like having to go out and feel overly vulnerable does. I felt a great deal of resentment towards my landlady for having the ability to enter the unit (she was also a jerk, which didn\'t help matters.) One day I came home and there were African bees in the bedroom, with no possible entry point where they could have gotten in. When maintenance came out, they couldn\'t explain it either, but I  later came across an online review from another tenant who had the same problem and said they thought management brought them in. Another time, I found an unused styrofoam cup - one of those big ones from a fast food place - on my bed, with a totally cracked and banged up cell phone inside. I felt like - why did this have to happen to me, of all people? In retrospect, I think someone was more than likely targeting me as a woman alone. Maybe out of no motive besides pure cruelty or sadism.\n\nAnyway, I finally got out of there and reached a safer place where I was able to just be for a little while. With the exception of a few short trips to places like the grocery store, I haven\'t left my current home since I arrived here in early December. I simply have no desire to leave myself open to any more of the freaks and perverts I\'ve had to deal with in the past. At this point, I\'m about ready to accept it and figure out how to do life with these problems. Getting professional "help" was fairly useless, I could tell that I was not being understood because normal people do not understand this. Maybe there will be a day I\'m ready to face the world again, but it\'s not today.', 'I went to a concert of my favorite band todayI mean, I had both a trusted, experienced and educated person with me. It was &lt;30 minutes from my home and &lt;15 minutes from a hospital. Sure I parked right next to the door. Oh and I took a milligram of xanax and avoided caffeine before. And no, it was a small concert. Like 80-100 people at most.\n\nYet a month ago I could barely leave my home and its immidiate surroundings, so I’m still happy.', "From being house-bound from anxiety to traveling the world -- anxiety doesn't have to be a life-sentence. Hope this helps the group. ", "Help with dealing with agrophobia before collage?In September I'm hoping to start collage on a dog behavioural course along side finally completing my GCSE's but I'm extremely frightened that I will mess this up as I have with past opportunities, I go in for about a week and then get terrified once nobody is walking or riding with me. I'd say I've been affected by agoraphobia for atleast 3 years, however I only got diagnosed a year ago most likely due to how young I am, I'm 17. Since year 8 I refused to leave the house, I go out usually once or twice a month. I have bursts where I'm able to leave but they last less than a month and I usually go back to being terrified to leave. When I was younger it was because of bullies and family trauma however now it's more seeing people in general, my anxiety causing stomach issues that lead to me being scared of having an accident and being away from my room/my mum. I have a boyfriend that I've been with for around a year and a half and this is seriously impacting our relationship as we can't go out and do anything and I can't even visit his house.\nI would really appreciate any advice to help with walking alone, coping with the panic attacks outside/before leaving and catching transport alone. Plus if anyone has advice with either helping my boyfriend understand more and how to have a bit more of a normal relationship I'd also be really greatful.\nIm calling my gp again tommorow after a few months without a doctor helping me with this so hopefully I'll be able to fix my relationship and go to college to become a guide dog trainer or dogs trust worker but if anyone has advice so I can start helping myself now whilst I wait I would be really appreciative.", "So what does everyone do to pass timeJust curious what everyone does to pass the time if your a shut in like me sorry if that sounds rude.  I play games, cleaning time to time and sleep too much due to suffocating anxiety.  Feel free to message me if anyone ever wants to chat it's stressful and talking can help. I've been stuck 8nside for 6 years 😭", "I was diagnosed todayI feel relief. I'm almost 30 years old and I am finally beginning to piece together what has been going on with me for my entire life. I am finally looking forwards to things for once.", "Do you think I could obtain a doctor's note for my agoraphobia?I missed the first three weeks of my class because I relapsed in multiple mental illnesses at once, and I am currently working on getting a therapist and a psychiatrist for them. I'm still worried about my grades and such, but I was wondering about the feasibility of obtaining a doctor's note - is it hard? I've been diagnosed with severe body dysmorphia, anorexia, and depression before and used to take medication for these issues. I probably will have to see a new psychiatrist, but I don't want them to think that I'm seeing them just to get a doctor's note to excuse my absences, or think that what I'm saying is illegitimate.", "My boyfriend (26) doesn't allow me to visit his state.My boyfriend (26) has had agoraphobia for awhile, and for the past couple years or so has not been able to leave his neighborhood. He only goes to places that are close to home and walkable. He is not currently seeking treatment as he prefers to handle it on his own. He and I (22 F) have been dating for 3 years, long distance. Because of his anxiety and agoraphobia, he is unable to visit me where I live, and I don't have the financial means to visit his state often, as it is quite expensive to travel and stay there and my parents aren't the type that would allow me to stay in his house. So, the last time I saw him was 2 years ago when my family took a vacation there. My friend and I have been wanting to take a little vacation together to the state that my boyfriend lives in because it's one of my family's favorite places to go and my friend has never been. In 2018, my boyfriend had expressed that there was a weekend in March that he would like for me to come visit because some family things were going on and he could use some support. Although it was mid-school year for my friend and I, I got her to agree to a weekend trip and we were about to book the plane tickets. At the last minute, my boyfriend said not to book them because he didn't want me to come. That it would stress him out and if I came, he would have to break up with me. I guess the expectation that he would have to see me made him panic, and if we were broken up there would be no pressure to see me. I told him it was okay if he didn't feel comfortable seeing me, but he still didn't want me to come. I was really upset and angry, but obviously I had to forgive and forget and gave my friend some excuse as to why I couldn't go anymore. She was upset but we just agreed on going sometime in the future when it was more convenient. After casually mentioning taking the trip a few times since then, my boyfriend didn't seem as sensitive about it, and like he might be okay with it. So, a week or so ago my friend and I decided it was a good time to start planning the trip again. We had already favorited some Airbnbs and she was about to put in a request for vacation time. I asked my boyfriend what he thought and again, he told me he didn't want me going to his state, period. He won't give me any explanation, again. I assume it has something to do with his agoraphobia or OCD or GAD but I'm left guessing. Frankly I am frustrated and he puts up a wall every time I try to talk to him about it. Probably because I get extremely upset and confrontational about it because I just can't understand why he doesn't even want me in the same state as him. Not my finest moment, and probably a little unfair to him. I do feel like this situation isn't fair to me or my friend either, though. My friend doesn't know about and wouldn't understand the situation he is in so I'm going to have to give her another bullshit excuse as to why I have to cancel again. I'm wondering whether any of you can shed some light on this situation so I can gain some perspective and hopefully become more understanding about it. He is an amazing person, and I love him so much. I just can't understand why he keeps doing this. Do any of you experience the same uneasiness about people coming to visit you, or coming to visit the state you're in?", "How do you move houses while totally housebound?My neighbors dogs bark all the time but I haven't been house properly in years.", 'Would anyone be willing to discuss how their agoraphobia story began, and the relationship between social anxiety and agoraphobia (for those who know both)?As a child, I was "painfully shy." I hid from strangers, family friends, extended family, you name it. Many a story is told with a chuckle by my family about how, during public performances in my tiny years, I\'d face away from the crowd or cover my eyes from being so frozen by fear. They thought I was behind developmentally, but by first grade I was recommended for the gifted program. It wasn\'t learning that was the issue--it was a surplus of caring, or at least not being able to process the rush of thoughts and physical sensations that occurred in social settings. By junior high it was regarded as anxiety, but I hadn\'t learned to articulate that social interaction was a trigger. I was bullied mercilessly, and had no option (at least in my teenaged mind) but to sit there in class and endure it. Sometimes, I\'d feign illness and hide in the nurse\'s office.\n\nCut to adulthood. I managed for years to hold a job where I was required to speak publicly every day. I took the subway, which meant a taxing flurry of mental activity before I\'d even made it to work. But this took its toll on my mental and physical health. Insomnia became an extreme problem, and I\'d often go days without sleep to the extent that I couldn\'t operate a vehicle, my temper was short, my weight was fluctuating in all sorts of horrible ways, my blood pressure was up and a wedge was driven in most of my relationships. At my worst, I had a panic attack mid-presentation and had to leave to get a drink of water, and my audience all asked if I was OK afterward. It was a bit humiliating. I eventually left my job and have since been living with my family. I\'m working remotely as a stopgap, but there\'s no future in it and I\'m ready to stop wasting my life. However, my anxiety regarding social interaction--and my anxiety about my anxiety--has grown to such an extent that I hardly ever leave the house.\n\nAt Christmas, a cousin I hadn\'t seen in several months simply asked me how things were going and I had a full blown panic attack trying to answer his question. These events only further my fear that I\'ll humiliate myself the next time I go out, so it becomes easier not to. The lack of control I felt in that situation--the tunnel vision, the heat on my face, the sense that my mind couldn\'t keep up with my mouth--the only time it had ever happened to me was that time at work, and I don\'t want to experience it ever again.\n\nI\'m still a bit unclear on what constitutes agoraphobia versus what constitutes social anxiety, and if there are overlaps and how significant that overlap is, so I thought I\'d ask if anyone would be willing to share what the beginnings of their agoraphobia looked like and how they came to recognize it for what it was. I\'d like to be proactive here if my reclusiveness is actually something greater. It certainly feels like it\'s interfering with having the life I want.', 'Hey everyone, since a big part of our community is helping others we should look into Bell Let’s Talk day. The simple use of social media or even texting gives a donation of 5 cents to change. Hopefully some of you are able to participate. ', 'I have a trip to Spain planned in a few weeks and I\'m terrified. Should I cancel?I have severe agoraphobia which is currently under control with Amitriptyline and Clonazepam. However, it is only under control in the sense that I can go out somewhere for a few hours, safe in the knowledge that I\'ll be able to get back home quickly (I know, classic agoraphobic safety behaviour).\n\nMy bf and I have a trip to Spain planned and as the date approaches I\'m getting increasingly terrified and wondering if I should bother going at all. Plane tickets were very cheap so losing out on the money isn\'t an issue. My main fears with regards to going are:\n\n1. It\'s a 4 day trip. I have never done this before as an adult. I keep thinking, "what if I freak out on the second or third day and I\'m trapped and can\'t get back home?"\n\n2. The plane journey is 2 hours, and, again, I\'m worried about having regrets and freaking out halfway through.\n\n3. TMI but I have IBS-d, worsened by panic attacks and I\'m terrified of spending the holiday trying to find cafes and bars to rush into to use the toilet.\n\nAny advice would be much appreciated.', 'XANAX HERE I COME!Okay guys. I’ve been having agoraphobia now for almost 2 years and I’ve had a LONG ride with really high ups and really bad lows. I’ve been in a low but I’m ready to finally take that step and I’m going to give in and try Xanax. Only for ON SET panic attacks. I want to get a job that is 2 minutes away from my house (at my old middle school) as an office aide or teacher assistant. I’ll feel good because i used to have agoraphobia and drive to my school MYSELF and get myself used to it and feel like it’s one of my safe zones and I think I can do that here. But let’s say I panic or am close to, I want the Xanax to take it, go to the restroom and calm myself down and still go back to doing my job. Any pros and cons, stories about Xanax. Anything i should know? Please let me know! I’m not against medicine I just never wanted that for me, was scared to be dependent on it. I’m not one who gets addicted to things (I used to smoke cigarettes just for the fun and Instead of getting addicted I just kinda started hating it) I’m not scared or get addicted to the Xanax but I do want to know common REAL side effects That actually occur. Thank you guys always!', 'Anxiety about asking a doctor for anti-anxiety medicineI’ve been dealing with agoraphobia for 4.5 years. I do not take any long term or fast acting medications to deal with it. I’m really grateful for the progress I’ve made with the therapists I’ve worked with. 8 months ago I moved across the country and right before I left I was talking to my old therapist about my goals of conquering things I’m super afraid of (flying, dentists, etc). We came to the conclusion that me having a prescription of fast acting anti anxiety medication on hand would really help my confidence in naturally overcoming these fears. A backup of sorts if every thing we’ve been working on suddenly stopped working for me. He encouraged me to talk to a doctor about this when I was settled in my new city. \n\nNow that I’m in a new city I think I’ve found a new doctor but I’m terrified of talking to her about this. I don’t know how to bring this up because I feel like every time I run the scenario through my head I sound like I’m begging for benzos. I don’t know how to ask for a prescription like this. I’m literally talking about like 5 pills to keep in my bag as a last resort kind of thing. I’ve actually tried to bring this up to a past doctor and maybe I was too anxious trying to talk about it and perhaps it came out wrong but she said I should just take an everyday ssri medication instead which I’m not interested in. That’s what I’m afraid of happening again especially when I need to go to the dentist soon and the possibility of flying to visit family. Help!!', "Valium Effects (Diazepam) - THE BEAUTIFUL WHIRLPOOL!! - a short video about this ugly dance. I'm sure some of you can relate! Peace ", 'Haven’t seriously left the house since JulyOther than quick trips to the store I really haven’t left the house since July. Been stuck in a really bad rut dealing with anxiety attacks almost everyday. I have a girlfriend who is extremely supportive of me but I can tell that my mental health isn’t only taking a toll on me but on her too. I feel like it’s time for me to seek treatment but the thought of taking medication gives me even more anxiety. I would talk to a therapist/counselor but I’m a compulsive liar so I feel like I’d just sabotage my own treatment. I haven’t been eating much of anything since Christmas and my body isn’t doing well. I’m 6’1” but I weigh 110lbs.   I need to make a serious change or I fear i’m going to wither away and die. But the thought of change freaks me the hell out. (one fucked up catch-22) I’ve been making music and it’s helped me feel like i’m interacting socially but I’m still spending all day looking at a screen. I want to get a job desperately but I know i’m incapable of keeping one with my current mental state. I don’t really know where I’m going with this but it feels good to be honest and put this out here. Maybe some of y’all could give me some advice on seeking help.', "Have a week-long business trip coming up and I'm terrifiedI've struggled with emetophobia and agoraphobia for 20 years (I'm 25) and I have a week-long business trip to Indianapolis coming up next week. I was pretending it didn't exist for a while, but now that it's a couple days away I'm a mess - I can't sleep, I can't eat, and I constantly feel like I'm about to be sick.\n\nI have a low-dose Xanax prescription and my partner is allowed to accompany me on the trip, but I still can't shake the feeling that something terrible is going to happen/I'm going to get sick while I'm there. Either that or I'm just going to be an inconsolable basket case the entire time and miss the whole conference because I'm up in my hotel room panicking.\n\nDoes anyone have any words of wisdom? I desperately want to cancel but I can't turn down this work opportunity, so I feel like I don't have any option but to go. Help me feel better about this pls! I am desperate!", "Relationships but qith agoraphobiaHello everyone I haven't posted but I read your posts almost everyday. I am just having a little trouble because I like this girl from my class in college and I don't know if this thread is for this but I just haven't asked her out because my life is basically college to home and just stay here and do homework go to work and my hobbies so this is for the agoraphobics with a SO, how did you asked him/her out? I am also really shy and been nice to her and all but we basically just talk in class...I just feel I have not much to offer if that makes sense? I will update you guys with edits on how it goes with your advice. Thank you all I've been agoraphobic for almost 2 years and I never thought I would be able to drive, go to school/work but here I am, my advice if you have this problem is go on your own pace I started just leaving a block from my house and go on from there I am reading y'all!\nEdit: With* lol", 'Same lol :/ ', "HiTBH I've been feeling fucking awful lately... When my bf is at work (he's been having 12+ hour days), all I literally do is lay in bed and force myself to sleep until it's time for me to pick him up. After doing this for so long, it really gets to you. I live in a very rural area on several acres renting out a shitty, inhabitable trailer (LOL @ ever being able to afford rent in Austin) with an abusive landlord - even if I feel like going outside in nature, I can't because it's too cold. So I'm pretty much chained to the bed all day breathing in the black mold on the ceiling. I've been having chronic headaches because of it. It feels paralyzing and I want to break free so bad. I'm sorry if this sounds like I'm complaining! (I was conditioned to feel guilty for saying anything remotely negative) I just hope that this makes someone not feel alone.", "This is a long shot as it seems i never quite been able to find people exactly like me.Hey people, how is your night or day? well i'm having a particularly bad night tonight. i'm wondering if there is anyone in the same or nearly the same situation as me. do any of you not do much throughout the day due to bad anxiety and depression? i haven't left my house in a long time, all i'm really looking for is someone who can understand how it is. I've had this friend online who's been super nice but i feel like i'm slowly pushing them away due to my problems, it sucks because i feel like i cant help it its just the way my brain is wired. i really hope they don't leave.", 'What medication works for youFor anxiety,  panic attacks and agoraphobia? \nI am in a state now that I can no longer leave the house from fear of a panic attack...', "Not looking for answers. Just venting about my agoraphobiaJust what the titled says just venting about my agoraphobia. I've had agoraphobia, anxiety, and depression for a long time. I haven't had a real job. Well, I had one part time job years ago as a custodian, it didn't last. Odd thing about is is I didn't lose my job because of my anxiety. Got fired. I took it really personal.  \n\nSort of went down hill after that for the second time. What I mean is that sometimes have a good year and bad year. Depends on my depression state. what I mean by is their are times that I can go out without a problem. But only around my area, my comfort zone. Like I use to hangout with friends at the local bar. Last time, when I was out with friends at the bar. I had a full blown panic attack. After that I become to worried to have another panic attack. Whenever I start feeling anxious, shaking, sweating, and hyperventilate. Whatever the situation is I would drop everything and would try to run away, or hide so no one can see me becoming emotional and freaking out. I would tried avoid whoever is around me. Like, I would run to the restroom. When I do get overwhelmed, I feel like I'm going to gag thinking I'm going to throw up. It's fucking embarrassing. When I going through that I feel pretty useless as a human being.\n\nWhen I start having multiple panic attacks, that's usually the sign when I do go down hill, mentally, and getting depressed. I would avoid people altogether. I become housebound, antisocial, and push people away from me.  \n\nAround that time pretty much lose contact with my friends. Close friends that I grew up and went to high school with.\n\nI try to socialize online. I've tried dating sites and stuff. But who the hell wants to date someone that can't even go out on a date. My agoraphobia really infected my last few relationship in the past.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThis is my first posted talking about my agoraphobia. So maybe you can relate to my experience. Don't be afraid to leave me a comment about your experience too.", 'Tips on getting out of the sedentary lifestyle?Looking for any tips or tricks that could help me convince myself to get mobile, I spend all day everyday in bed or in a chair and I feel like it’s bound to eventually cause health issues. I’m going to start speaking with a therapist soon so that will help get me out into the world and maybe then I’ll feel more motivated to get out. In the meantime I really want to start taking walks around the neighborhood but I have zero drive to do so.', "Where is a positive place to hang out online?Y'all, I am just trying to chill with strangers and share because I am in my home mostly. \n\ntysm!", 'Go out alone to the park for the first time!That’s my first time I go out alone, just not for going to school, but because I wanted.\n\nI was thinking about it 3 months ago but wasn’t ready. The two first month I decided to go to the park with someone multiple time to control my panic attacks when I’m seeing some people in the park (sweating and hand shaking). That was difficult but required to be able to go out alone. I’ve planned to go multiple time to the park, then in a place with more people to get used to open spaces like cinema/museum where I always wanted to go.', 'I DID IT!I finally got off my ass and said reached my “fuck it attitude” where I’m like you know what at this point I just want to actually feel the pre panic the symptoms and feel uncomfortable and I finally took a drive around my house. The streets and i kept trying to go farther EACH time and I wasn’t feeling any symptoms other than feeling pressure on my chest cuz I was obviously a little nervous but I did it! It felt so nice to listen to music and drive w no traffic (traffic is one of my biggest triggers) and it brought me nostalgia bc back then I used to drive and be so peaceful but every since I started having panic attacks and being agoraphobic it was so hard to enjoy something I used to love and now I panic for. But I’m happy. The motivation is slowly coming back. FUCK YES!!!', 'Do I have agoraphobia?I don\'t really feel like I\'m "scared" to go out but I simply cannot bring myself to leave the house anymore. It has to have been at least a month, I don\'t remember the last time I left for anything. I\'m pretty damn depressed and lonely. It\'s a very weird feeling. It\'s a mixture of not knowing what I need to do to fix my life and not being able to put in the work to do it. \n\nI honestly feel sometimes I\'ll never get to be happy. Each day the light gets a little dimmer. I can\'t really envision myself being anything. I just want a reason.', 'facing a bit of a dilemma, need a little help/advice? also just venting lolhello y\'all! hope you all are well. basically i\'m having trouble dealing with a family member (my mom) who is overall supportive of me but does NOT understand my anxiety and agoraphobia at all. she tries to but she\'s a bit of a hardass and whenever i try to talk to her about anxiety related stuff she either talks to me like it\'s my fault that i experience these things, or that i\'m weak and lazy for not just powering through it. i\'m not exactly mad at her for talking to me like this, because i do have other supportive people in my life who i can turn to who truly get it, and i understand that unless you\'ve dealt with agoraphobia yourself you truly can\'t wrap your head around what it\'s like to live with it. i understand that she doesnt understand lol, but its still frustrating and i wish she would have a little more sympathy or take it a little more seriously than i\'m just "being weak". but anyways.\n\nanyways long story short, ive dealt with generalized anxiety for many years but started being agoraphobic last summer. it\'s definitely shaken up my world but i\'m doing my best to stay strong. since then it seems to get better and get worse, like two steps forward two steps back type stuff. sometimes i can go for relatively long walks, go to the grocery store by my house or take ubers to friends houses. sometimes i\'m straight up housebound. \n\nabout a month ago around christmas break i spent a week and a half at my parents house, and during that time i came clean with them about the severe anxiety and agoraphobia i\'ve been experiencing. my dad was very understanding and very supportive and told me he has faith i\'ll recover from it. i\'m thankful for that. my mom on the other hand was a bit taken aback and didn\'t really take me seriously. it almost seemed like she was mad at me for it lmao. to be fair she\'s kind of a tough lady and we\'ve had a bit of a rocky relationship at times in the past. so i wasn\'t really surprised. but she\'s still supportive of me at the end of the day, she just has weird ways of showing it sometimes. but yeah, she didn\'t really take me seriously and i think she just doesn\'t want to accept that her son has something like agoraphobia. \n\nANYWAYS lol heres my dilemma and where i need advice: the time i spent at my parents house was actually super nice. it felt great being out of my comfort zone and i was taking walks around their neighborhood which helped me out a lot. when i returned home to my apartment i was really on a good foot. i was going to the grocery store, taking lengthy walks, going to friends houses. i wasnt like "cured" but i was super hopeful and in a really positive place.\n\nthe last week and a half or so, however, i\'ve had a bit of a big setback. i\'m not even sure what precisely caused it but at the end of last week i had a few really bad panic attacks out of nowhere and i\'ve basically been housebound the last week or so, trying to rebuild. \n\nanyways, basically i have some money in a CD account at my bank, to access money from that account i need to either physically go to the bank and sign a paper or write a letter with my signature and send it to the bank. at the beginning of last week i needed to move some money from that account into my checking account in order to pay rent, i was a month late on rent and i literally needed the money ASAP to like not get evicted lol. i was far too anxious to go to the bank (its far from my house, way outside my comfort zone. ) so i asked my mom if there was some way she could move the money into my account. She couldn\'t do that because of the bank\'s policy but she agreed to loan me the money as long as i go to the bank and move the money ASAP and get it to her.\n\nthis is where i fucked up and the anxiety took control and i need help. and also feel bad lol. she kept trying to make plans with me to go to the bank together and get her the money. each day we had a plan i would be so anxious that i would compulsively make up some excuse as to why i couldn\'t make it. she thinks i\'m doing a lot better with my anxiety and also, like i said, she just straight up doesnt understand it. i almost just hate talking about it with her because she always gets so harsh about it and i usually start crying or something. so i just kept being like "oh sorry! i just realized i have to go do \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_\\_ with my roommates!" or "i have to do \\_\\_\\_\\_\\_ with my friend!!"\n\nin reality ive been at my house too afraid to go anywhere. this morning she texted me "I\'m officially pissed." i was supposed to go to the bank this morning but obviously i did not. i definitely feel bad for lying to my mom and whatnot and i could\'ve just sent the letter at one point, but as some of you may understand, my mental bullshit took control and i fucked up.\n\ni have to get in touch with her tomorrow. part of me wants to just come clean and be like "hey i haven\'t actually gone anywhere this week. i was making excuses because i had a huge setback with my anxiety. i can send the letter and get the money to you in a few days when they move it". she will be angry with me, and she will likely make me feel like shit about my own mental illness that she does not take seriously and that is in a lot of ways, out of my control. \n\nor, i could just apologize and come up with more lies. lol, honestly as i\'m typing this, i think i solved my own problem. OBVIOUSLY i should just tell her the truth, right? i\'ll feel so much better about it if i do. but it will be hard. she\'s not easy to talk to about this stuff and it always makes me feel like shit and is unhelpful lol. but i guess she\'s gotta know what\'s really going on.\n\ni guess i just need some support with this. do any of y\'all get what i\'m going through? it\'s so difficult dealing with people who legitimately don\'t understand what you\'re going through. especially when it\'s family members. but i guess i gotta keep it real. anyways, hope you all are doing well. peace, love, and solidarity.', 'facing a bit of a dilemma, need a little help/advice? also just venting lol ', 'Questions ...I’m currently in therapy about my intense fear (and inability) to drive. While talking with my therapist, it came up that I may have agoraphobia.\n\nI’ve always had moderate social anxiety. When I was younger I had an intense of other kids vomiting (and making me sick) but generally was also shy/fearful of people. This did get better with age and zoloft, but I still do have social anxiety. I often have panic attacks, both random and triggered. To escalate this, I have ongoing stomach issues which can trigger my panic pretty easily.\n\nI wouldn’t say I fear leaving my home acutely, but I do have a pretty intense fear of being trapped or noticed in certain places (movie theaters, staircases, planes, crowds, cars) and get very anxious about having panic attacks in pretty much any public place, which does happen. I do have much more anxiety when away from my mom (who often transports me) or other people I trust.\n\nSo... sound unlikely I have agoraphobia? I get mixed reviews from my research.', 'how do i get out of my house??panicking a lot', "Follow me on my journey back to a normal lifeHi guys! I have been struggling with severe anxiety for over 3 years. Starting out as not even being able to leave my house. I have a new therapist and am very motivated to change my life around. I started a blog, mostly for myself to remember the events as they happened. So I won't see them in a negative way later and also to document my 'journey'. I write about the things I do to make the anxiety less and everything that comes with it. The racing scary thoughts, the physical sensations and even the obsession over small things like warmth or layout of a restaurant. \n\nI think it would be nice for me to share this with others with the same problem and have some support, and maybe even inspire people to go out and take a tiny first step. Take a look at it @ [https://ginxminx.wixsite.com/panicateverywhere](https://ginxminx.wixsite.com/panicateverywhere) Thanks a lot for the support!", "Career advice wantedHello everyone!\n\nA year ago, I had to quit my job because of my anxiety. I had multiple panic attacks at work, couldn't leave my house..\n\nI work in the gambling industry. I love it and I really feel like I found my path. However, many things were triggering extremely hard my anxiety : being bored, having nothing to do, waiting for customers indefinitely, standing up for 10 hours..\n\nI haven't left my house in almost a year now. I live off my savings but it cannot last forever. I feel like finding few hours of work per week would be an crucial step for me in the near future and I push myself for that goal. Physically I am exhausted and I don't even know what type of job I could find where I could be seated and kind of busy at the same time.\n\nIt is hard to observe that may be the casino industry isn't meant for me and that I would never reach an office job because of my lack of experience. I now have this gap on my resume and I feel really lost about my career.\n\nI need a outside perspective on this!", 'Super lucky, but can’t appreciate it.I’m on an extended business trip, and while here I’m living right on the beach - as in, toes in sand when you exit the front door.\n\nBut I don’t go out and sit on the sand at dusk, I don’t go for dinner or drinks to catch the sunset.\nI’m “stuck” in one of the most beautiful places and because I get anxious and scared about what could happen, I instead stay in bed.\n\nIt’s so frustrating.\nAt home, I’ll occasionally practice going out of my house for 30-60 min, but only if I’m close to home and have a working pet camera because I also have a crippling fear of my home catching fire and not being there to save my cat. And that just piles onto my already existing anxiety of leaving home.\n\nBut since this is a “new” place and I don’t know the area, I’m 500% more wary of leaving.\n\nI’m blessed in that I can/do work from home, but I wish I could have fun like everyone else outside.', "I went out!I know it's small but I went out to get coffee 3 times this week. Twice, I took the long way home. Today was the third time and I didnt get super anxious. However, while taking my dog for a walk, I had a panic attack. I suppose it's still a win. I still can't  bring myself to set foot in a store. I guess it's just something I have to work on.", 'Feel like I\'m going to scream?I had a bad panic attack and I felt the urge to start screaming and run out of the room, it felt like I really was about to do it. Now whenever I go out in public I keep having thought "what if I scream" pop into my head and it launches me into a panic attack and the panic attack makes me feel like I\'m about to do it and it just feeds on each other into a severe panic loop. It happens at home sometimes too. It\'s awful and I don\'t know how to handle this.', "My Recovery 1 Year LaterHi all, \n\nI want to say that you're all some of the bravest people I know. Agoraphobia is an illness that I wouldn't wish on my worst enemy. I was housebound for three years between 2016 til 2018. \n\nThrough exposure therapy and basically flooding I started to go out. It was almost all at once. Once I overcame that idea of maybe having a panic attack by proving, I didn't actually get panic attacks once I left the house it was all in my head. I started to go out. \n\nSince January 2019 I have been recovering. For reference I am 20 years old now. Today, I got my license and got to drive for the first time by myself. I paid to do a floristry course that starts in two weeks. I've been in a loving and healthy relationship for nearly a year now. I am able to properly care for a little bunny rabbit which has been my dream for many years now. I got my first tattoo, made so many new friends. I've been cigarette free for 300 days. I am about to start looking for work since I can drive now.  \n\nI don't want this to be assumed as 'bragging'. I think the point of this post is to tell you, there's light at the end of the tunnel for many if not all of you. I have so much care for all suffers. The illness took three years of my life away from me. I hope one day you get to experience how it feels to be in life once more.\n\nSending you all love and well wishes.", 'Freaking out about new jobI pushed myself to go to an interview even though I was freaking out beforehand. It actually went really well and they told me they want to hire me right after. After the initial happiness and patting myself on the back quickly wore off, I realized that oh crap, I\'m going to be working. I start in a couple of days and I\'ve been freaking out a bit. I\'m kind of sad because if I was "normal," I would be so happy about this job right now. I like the position and got along well with the person that hired me. But I\'m just remembering the awful daily panic attacks I had on the bus and working at my previous positions. I don\'t know how to cope. I wish I could just drop out of society.', "Family is stressedMy family is stressed out by me depending on them to drive me everywhere. I need to call a cab today because they're really busy with stuff and I understand that. But I'm scared and would prefer death over calling a cab. I feel so guilty on top of all this crap.", "I HAVE to visit family tomorrow. I'm really anxious.I have to visit my grandmother in a nursing home. To be quite honest, I dont think ky grandma and I are very good being around eachother. She is a very frail and anxious woman and my anxiety makes her's worse and vice versa. I know if I have a panic attack there's nowhere to go and she'll get freaked out. She sometimes gets anxious about her conditions and I start panicking. I'm not sure if any other family besides my parents will be there, but I know I dont have a great relationship with my extended family. They are quite toxic people that I would rather avoid. I cant avoid going because I've been putting this off for months. I dont know what to do. I wish I would get a cold or something so I could avoid going. I hate this so much. I can barely go into a store for 5 minutes let alone visit with family I dont like all that much  for a couple of hours. I'm so nervous!", 'Hello &lt;3Hi! I’m new to reddit and I’m super happy to find a group like this. I’ve been diagnosed with agoraphobia since 7th grade. I’m currently a senior and I was wondering if anyone had any tips on how to make getting out of the house just a tiny bit easier?\nMy family is not doing well financially and I would like to be able to get a job so I can help out a little.', "Helping with AgoraphobiaHi,\n\nSo I have no idea what I am doing really, just trying to look for places/people for advice. My sister I believe has agoraphobia which has caused her to leave school and remain inside for pretty much 4 years. She doesn't like leaving the house on any occasion, be it for a walk, a meal or a family event and leaves the house very little. She is alone during the weekdays and is extremely quiet and untalkative when my family and I get home in the evening.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI'd just like to know is there any way in which I/we can help her to overcome it? Any plans that worked for people or just any advice people could offer would be amazing. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThank you very much.", 'First time Self pay psychiatristShe was so good, she tested me in things and asked about my background and I came out with paxel and Klonopin. I’m excited to want to start and be open to medicine bc for 2 years I avoided it. Funny also bc I got a panic attack on the way there but I survived.', 'i missed my doctors appointmenti have such a wall up and i’m so frustrated with myself. i haven’t been out in 2 months due to health issues that cause a lot of anxiety and i’m\nso over it i want to get over this wall. does anyone have any advice or tips?', 'Nerd In NeedUm, I moved to a new city from my hometown about a year ago. I used to be okay with traveling around on foot throughout the city, but after being sexually assaulted last year and harassed in two of my favorite "safe" places, I\'m really afraid to leave my apartment. \n\nI went back to my favorite safe place for the first time in two months last week. I want to go back, but keep making excuses not to. My biggest fear, however, is going back to a comic book store. \n\nUm, I\'m nonbinary female, meaning I am biologically female but identify as nonbirnary. By default, whenever I set foot in a comic book store or Gamestop or even a cinema depending on what movie is playing, I get labeled as a nerd girl. I used to like to the term and take great pride in being a nerd. I still do. It\'s the girl part that bothers me.\n\n In the past, I\'ve only ever gone to comic book stores with boyfriends because I can\'t drive and they would pay for my comic books for me, and even though I was standing literally right behind them and everyone could see me picking out the books in the store, the cashiers always assume that the guy chose them and compliment HIS taste in comic books. When I lived out of state with my ex-husband, he tried to get me into Magic: The Gathering, but whenever we would go to Friday Night Magic at the comic book stores the other players would get annoyed at having to play against a girl. The misogyny I encountered in the MtG community was so bad, I\'m now terrified to set foot in a comic book store. Which is terrible. I love comic books, and Marvel and DC movies. I grew up on the cartoons and writing fanfiction, and I run a Marvel fanblog where I have 500 followers who come to read my fics. \n\nI\'m not just some Harley Quinn fangirl, obsessed with Jared Leto or Tom Holland or whoever. I mean, yeah, I have crushes on celebrities, but like I used to sit and read my Marvel encyclopedia for hours and hours just so I could learn more about characters I didn\'t already know about. But now it\'s gotten to the point where I feel ashamed to even pick up my favorite graphic novels because I let the guys from those stores or the internet convince me I\'m a "fake geek girl". This fear I associate with the comic book store is slowly taking over my life and my identity, and Idk what to do about it.', 'Can I be homebound for Anxiety?I have always had a problem with anxiety, I have started sweating profusely and it would worsen at school. I got prescribed anxiety medicine and it somewhat works. I quit sweating for a long time... and having panic attacks.. I recently got a jaw surgery where I was homebound for 6 weeks. I have 5 college classes and was quite happy and enjoyed my time at the house. I went to a high-school basketball game tonight against my girlfriends high-school and mine after seeing my classmates and peers I profusfeley started sweating. I had to leave the game and was embarrassed. I felt awful. I would rather just stay at the house and continue my education considering I’m a lot more efficient this way and concentrate better. Would a doctor let me finish my senior year of highschool for the next 4 months to finish? Thanks friends.', "Going to get my teeth fixed tomorrow!I'm in full blown panic mode, I get anxiety really bad and haven't left the house in months. \n\nBut I know I have to get my teeth sorted before I start loosing them. \n\nI haven't been to a dentist in something like 20 or more years! After having some bad experiences when I did, I know for sure I had nothing wrong with my teeth back then, when I was a kid, but apparently the dentist (which is now gone) said I had holes inside my teeth that you can only see on an X-ray.\n\nI know I was probably used as part of a money scam, doing work that didn't need to be done and they gave me 3 fillings when I didn't need them.", "New film coming out about AgoraphobiaI'm not a sufferer of Agoraphobia myself, however, I do suffer from social anxiety and that in turn makes it difficult for me to leave the house on certain days so I can relate in that area. There's a film coming out with Amy Adams about Agoraphobia and as there aren't many films about Agoraphobia I thought I would share it and get your thoughts on its portrayal in the trailer. Does it seem accurate or does it seem like its been tamed down for Hollywood? I am also still waiting for a good film about social anxiety as I havent found any! so this one looks promising. Let me know what u think! \n\n[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quIkrg55QwM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quIkrg55QwM)", 'Looking for movies that are actually about social anxiety and not just dwell on it broadlyIm looking for some movies that are actually about social anxiety and are clearly about social anxiety and not like some introverted girl in high school who may or may not have it. I have struggled to come across many and want to watch one tonight! thanks!', "Feel like I've been robbed of my life &amp; can't see any way out of itApologies if this is long &amp; thank you so much if you read this as I'm sure a lot of this will be badly written because I'm not sure how to properly explain the situation.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI've been housebound for around about five months after I suffered a panic attack that lasted about three hours that came relatively out of the blue (I have never suffered one before). I'm on a gap year in which I intended to save up more money for University (I am 19), but when I tried to resume my normal life, going to work etc, I just suffered more &amp; more attacks until it got to a point where I couldn't even get down my road. I've been so, so desperate to get to University (to study History &amp; Politics), but right now it seems completely out of the question as I have made little to no progress &amp; have about five months to get to a place four hours away &amp; to start to move into a new place, alone. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI'm definitely at my absolute lowest point, I am extremely depressed, especially when I think about the prospect of not having the opportunity to do something people hold as some of the most important &amp; fun years of their lives. None of my friends know that I am agoraphobic, &amp; I am way too embarrassed/self-conscious to tell them, I just make the excuse that I'm ill. I have missed out on so much, not being able to see my friends, missing their birthdays, missing family gatherings, I can't see my Dad because of a recent separation &amp; family turmoil &amp; it looks like I won't even be able to attend my own Grandad's funeral about which I feel incredibly guilty (he recently passed away) -  I used to be somewhat socially anxious, but still loved going on nights out &amp; meeting new people. I feel like I have been completely robbed of such an important part of my life &amp; still get consistent panic attacks every day at home - nowhere feels safe to me. I also suffer from derealisation &amp; depersonalisation which has led me to convince myself I'm in a coma dream or something similar. I'm isolated in my bedroom for pretty much nine-tenths of the day &amp; feel like I'm going insane. I know people have it worse &amp; don't want to play the victim card, but I am at my absolute wit's end.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI have been waiting for help for the entire period of being housebound (I'm still waiting now), the only thing I've been prescribed is Diazepam (which I now hate taking because of the consequences &amp; addictiveness) &amp; the only help I've been offered is three CBT telephone sessions, with the deal being afterward I would have to go to the place &amp; continue sessions by going into the place, which seems like a big leap. Even if that did help, the problem is that the wait time is 16 weeks minimum. For a while I did try to take things into my own hands, doing affirmations, meditation &amp; mindfulness &amp; trying to slowly expose myself outside my house again, but every time I tried, an attack or overwhelming dizziness would completely set me back to the point where I have lost all motivation.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nIn this period of time, my health has been rapidly deteriorating it feels like. I smoke &amp; the only way for me to justify going into my garden &amp; getting outside is to have a cigarette, which has led to me smoking lots more than I used to &amp; my diet has become awful because I get so dizzy when I'm anxious (which is basically always), so I have not been able to cook for myself properly at all &amp; don't want to put pressure on my family to make it for me, leading to me just eating ready food, which I used to completely oppose! I have also not been able to properly exercise (whereas before I played sports, walked everywhere &amp; generally exercised daily) because increased heart rate triggers my anxiety &amp; I have been escapist drinking. Ironically I absolutely loathe myself for making these decisions. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI can't wait much longer, it completely feels like my life has come to a total end, I can't see or imagine any way out of this situation.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI'm not sure what I expect from this, in some way it's nice just to write a lot of it up - if anyone has any advice whatsoever I would be eternally grateful.", "Time to TravelHi all,\n\nI have panic disorder with agoraphobia and have decided to go on a vacation with my boyfriend. The closer the date gets, the more anxious I start to feel. I have been working on self compassion, on practicing helpful techniques, and working toward overall sound health. I will make a calming playlist prior to going, and continue to have other coping methods in place,  however the thought of going way out of state for 6 days is quite overwhelming. \n\nI felt good about it however the sooner I get the more I doubt myself. I am at a place where sleeping even one night out of state is very difficult for me, but for some reason in my better moments I thought I could tolerate a whole week of nights away from home. After weekend trips where I've exposed myself to difficult situations, I typically feel ashamed of myself, despite making progress. Prior to this relapse I have been to 7+ countries, states like Hawaii, etc. Therefore, my current state makes me feel so embarrassed.\n\nI have not travelled by plane in 5+ years however. and this is huge for me! I wish I had more faith in myself. I fear if I don't go I will continue to go backward rather than forward. Anyone have any tips?", "'long time lurker, first time poster'.. Your normal day?TLDR: \nI'm new to the sub... But mosty,\nWhat is your day to day like?\n\n\nAgoraphobic for eh... 6ish years.. I'm still kind of in and out of denial about it (I have other mental health issues, as I'm sure a lot of you do too) always in denial about it so I can't really say when I actually became agoraphobic. But I've been officially diagnosed, multiple times. I've been on and have stayed on a few prescriptions this last year and I'm doing okay.. I do feel so much better now, I can go on lunches with friends -sometimes, maybe like 60% of time I promise to! \n\nBut it's winter now and I just feel like, I will literally fist fight you before I get in a car and go anywhere.\n\n\n\nSo what's everyone's normal day like? \n\n\nFor me regular day consists of morning milk/coffee while I watch yesterdays news on YouTube.\n\nLook out my window\n\nOpening my games so I can get my daily rewards.\n\nAnnoy the crap out of my cats\n\nListen to a podcast while I play some games. \n\nLook out my window \n\nText some friends\n\nEat\n\nBother my cats\n\nClean\n\nLook out my window\n\nShower ((((maybe)))\n\nJournal/draw\n\nTv, or movies...I\n\nEat\n\nText some friends and PRomise! I'll see them this weekend............\n\nBother my cats\n\nLay in bed and read reddit\n\nCertain Days:\n\n-Might go to the gas station 9 blocks away \n\n-Might go to the library, 6 blocks away, if it's right as they open..\n\nI also spend most of the in between time reading to try to distract me from being miserable.", 'anyone else like this song? :) ', "Agoraphobia or something else?My SO recently suggested I may have agoraphobia because I often make excuses to avoid going outside.  But to me there perfectly legit reasons and I'm not technically afraid to go outside. \n\n\nAbout 12 years ago I was abducted and assaulted. Sure that has probably lead time my belief that I, a young woman, should not be walking around outside, alone, in the dark. I think that's totally reasonable. \n\nMy SO believes that refusing to walk the dog alone in the dark is unreasonable, though we've made compromises around it. \n\nI do have anxiety and PTSD which I manage ok with meds. I do not have anxiety attacks when outside alone, but I am extremely aware of my surroundings. If I'm struggling with my anxiety on occasion or have a particularly bad nightmare I might refuse to take the dog for a walk even during the day once in a while. But I don't feel scared necessarily,  just like I can't rationalise going out. \n\nI go to work and grad school no problem. I'll go out to grocery stores and run errands by myself no problem. I just can't convince myself that going outside alone in the early morning or late evening is a good idea. \n\n\nIs this agoraphobia? What does your fear of going out feel like or sound like in your internal monologue?", "Returning to workHey, all --\n\nQuestion for the functionally agoraphobic. I've had two major employment gaps in my life due to my agoraphobia. I've freelanced a bit here or there, but I can't say I was highly productive during those times doing anything but caring for my family and surviving. I'm proud of my education, and I've had some good jobs (and been elected to some leadership positions). However, my burnout rate is pretty high due to how taxing getting out of the house can be, and it's hard to pitch myself as a future employee to prospective employers when the level of shame I feel for my lack of prodcutivity (directly related to the agoraphobia) is high.\n\nI wanted to ask if anyone had any tips and tricks for (a) covering up mental health-related employment gaps when applying for jobs (b) finding any jobs in particular that agoraphobes can ease into well (c) being more confident in interviews.\n\nI figured this was something a lot of people might relate to, so maybe this post could be helpful for others, too. Thanks for your thoughts. :)", 'How do I overcome my fear / phobia? Letting go of fear guided meditation ', "Any feedback would be appreciatedSo I've been housebound and unemployed for a few years now. No drivers license, no hobbies, no skills, no relationship, no ambition. Even small obligations cause me severe dread.\n\nSo here's my question, how do I get back into the world when I suffer from severe anxiety and apathy? I can't seem to care about the world. I've tried therapy and medication for years, it does little to help.", '[Utah] For those who are shy, anxious, and/or introverted, there is a new meetup to help you establish supportive friendships and have a fun social outlet with similar people in a safe and judgement free environment.Utah Shyness and Introvert Meetup http://meetu.ps/c/4xMld/zWz2M/a on Meetup http://meetu.ps/c/4xMld/zWz2M/a', 'Anyone else used to be VERY social and thrive off of being social and now cant leave the house or hardly even talk to anyone?I feel like I still thrive off of being social but I just cant handle being around people. I just cant control my panic about it. I used to go to walmart and just talk to strangers about anything and everything and feel great but now literally going in my front yard spikes my anxiety. I hate who I am now.', "Coping methods?I'm looking for ways to overcome my agoraphobia, it started about a year ago and it's gotten to the point I virtually can't leave my house. \n\nAnyway, I'm looking for links to resources, things you've done personally that have helped, youtube videos, blogs, articles, anything that might help.\n\nI will be super grateful for anything anyone can find!", 'Long time on here... I’ve stopped posting.Just sharing... I have many years of CBT. I’m an admin of a Facebook support group. It’s free this is not an advertisement. I’m reaching out to those in need of other methods of support. \n\nMy Facebook name is .... I can’t say here message me! . The group is Journey To Tranquility. (The small 67 member one not the 10000000000 member one). \n\nHope at least one person gets something from this post. It would make my year to help any if you! \n*  PM. Me anytime *', "This is new to me :(I just need to vent some place where people will understand.\n\nI was doing really well and getting past a very abusive ex with the help of councilling. Untill I moved house.\n\nI think I've worked out why, He knew where I lived so I never felt safe. Now I've moved I feel safe in my house so I don't like leaving. I do though I go shopping and stuff but I get nervous. In fact I had a complete freak out at a bowling alley yesterday and I feel silly I know its illogical to be scared but it doesnt stop me being scared.\n\nI've also started having seizures when I'm nervous I just want to live a normal life. Not to mention my ex had ptsd and was scared of going to a particular suburb. I want to be nothing like him so I'm kind of ashamed and feel like a bad person for this.\n\nI'm just glad that new partner is amazing! I burst out in tears when I got home and told him what was wrong...he helped me feel okay about it and said he'd support me.\n\nI can't go back to my councillor cause my birthday passed, so Im too old now. I'm nervous about  finding a new one. Not to mention mentioning all this to a doctor so I can get a referal.\n\n Any tips to deal with this untill I find a new councillor would be great!! I do better the further away I am from where my ex lives but thats about it.", 'I think I stopped a panic attack today by poopingAs the title says\n\nFelt it coming on a 10/10 one too\n\nRelaxed took a poop and it all went away\n\n10/10 would recommend this method', 'New HereHey everyone. I have chronic pain and it has made me agoraphobic. I walked my dog twice today! Woo hoo', 'Different types of therapyDoes anyone have suggestions for different types or therapy or therapists? I’ve done some reading on hypnosis therapy, which sounds interesting. I was wondering if there was any type of therapy I could use to help me get over agoraphobia', "Anyone else agoraphobic because they have nobody?It dawned on me today that the reason I stopped going outside in the first place is that there was nobody to go outside for.  \n\n\nI also realized I'm very lonely. I crave human contact and connection more than anything.\n\n  \nI do spend some time on dating apps but I'm not crazy about gambling my social confidence on some random date.\n\nNot having people around me is making me feel like there's no consistency in my life (aside from my therapist) which is hard. How do you guys deal with being alone all the time?\n\nCan anyone else relate to these feelings?\n\nAny advice on dealing with them?", "Having a difficult time finding the right prescription for me...I've been dealing with severe Agoraphobia for many years...eventually being homebound for almost 5 years. (I'm 26). \n\nI go to therapy weekly. I take 0.5 Klonopin three times a day. I have finally been able to leave my home at least once a week and even now I can go places alone...but not for a long time or multiple times a week... Sooo I have made an improvement but I feel like most of that is from my therapy.  I feel like the Klonopin is not doing enough for me. I have been taking it for awhile... maybe two years now. I've tried Ativan but I felt like that did less than my Klonopin. I hate going back to my doctor and saying that everything doesn't feel like it's working because I feel like they are judging me. I don't know what to do. I asked to stop taking the Klonopin last year because I felt it wasn't doing anything and my doctor didn't want me to but I did slowly weaned off of it anyway...I didn't realize how effective it was. So I began taking it again. I really want a medication to help me. I know it's not a perfect cure but I am making an effort with my therapy as well... and much more. I just feel such an overload of anxiety all the time and I'm scared constantly when my next panic attack will come. I left my home yesterday and felt like I couldn't breathe... Is my prescription too low? Or would another medication be more beneficial? It's difficult because I don't have access to a psychiatrist, I only go to my primary care doctor. \n\nBy the way - I don't know if this helps but I have never had an addiction problem nor have I taken non-prescription drugs and I don't drink alcohol. \n\nObviously, no one here is my doctor but does anyone have any advice on how to talk to my doctor?  What prescription has worked best for your agoraphobia? Any feedback, advice, comments would be appreciated! ♡♡♡", 'Book recommendations?Looking for more books to read about agoraphobia. They can be self help, fiction, comedy, whatever. I\'m currently reading, "Agorafabulous! Dispatches From My Bedroom" by Sara Benincasa (a comedienne that struggled with agoraphobia) and it\'s hilarious. Looking for more good reads!', 'I am moving...So, I’m not going to go into details as to why I have developed this awful phobia...\n\nBut, I lost my job due to being legit afraid to leave my home.  I could do it, but I kept trying to leave early or just call out.  (My trigger is my heart rate and I was a server so of course my heart rate would be higher).  \n\nAnywho, I get told to pay rent or leave the premises.  Cool...  \n\nMy BF’s grandma tells us we can move in with her.  It’s legit a 2 minute drive.  But, I LOVE my bed.  We can’t bring it with, we have to put it in storage.  So me and the BF are going to be sharing a trundle bed.  We currently have an Alaskan King.  I’m just worried because, I am afraid of his family.  They’re so in your face and blunt.  (Kind of white trash tbh) and I have severe panic disorder and just plain social anxiety.  \n\nWhat I’m asking is, has anyone who legit can barely leave their house been able to move?  What did it do for your phobia? \n\nTIA', 'Unsafe neighborhood?Anyone else find they desperately want to get exposure and fight this, but the area where you live isn’t safe at all? I don’t have the option of getting a dog on this lease. I have pepper spray. I’m still too afraid to walk to the library 2.5 miles away. The library is my safe/happy place. I want to get used to taking a daily walk for exercise and clarity, but have been harassed a few times trying here and it made me actually so scared for my life. I’m venting, but I NEED to somehow walk anyway, or I might become bedbound. I’m alone because the S/O is at work, and my college classes are at night so daytime walks alone are my only option.', "After around two years of barely leaving my house, im starting college tonight.This might be rambly as I'm writing it on the spot, but I just found this while looking for resources and it wouldn't hurt to try.\n\nI don't know exactly how everything started, but by the end of my last year in high school, I couldn't stand being anywhere other than my house. I lost most of my friends, panic attacks were frequent, I attempted suicide and had other untreated mental illnesses. That was my big low.\n\nDue to the situation at hand, I decided to take a gap year from school (instead of going straight to college) so I could work on my mental health. I started seeing a therapist and a psychiatrist, got medication that so far has been working for me, and managed to make a couple of friends (online, but still). \n\nTwo years later, and here we are. I applied to college, got accepted, and today's the first day of class a few hours from now. I can say for sure that I'm in a better place than I was at the beginning of this story, but I'm still insecure.\n\nBesides all the medical stuff, I'm an introvert and kind of a nerd. My psychiatrist reassured me that I can take my emergency meds if I feel like a panic attack is coming, but I'm looking for any other tips and advice I can get. I didn't have a place where I could share my experience and talk to people that have experienced the same things as me, so I thought there was no harm in trying. Thank you in advance for anyone who comments, I hope everyone's doing well.", 'Legitimate online jobsDue to agoraphobia. Looking for a online job that pays at least $400 a week.\nI figured people here may know of some. I have a retail interview soon but pre nervous for it.', 'SSA asking for my input for a friends disability claimHi-\nI don’t know if this would be the right thread, but I thought I would start here.\n\nA friend of mine has agoraphobia. She hasn’t worked in a year due to her agoraphobia. She’s been in treatment for 10+ years. She recently filed for disability, and put me down as a third party. I received a function report from SSA. Is there anything specific SSA looks for?\n\nObviously anything I write would be the truth, but I’m afraid of writing things that would harm her chances of getting disability. I know that she has put down all her past &amp; current docs/therapists and their reports would weigh more heavily than mine. But I do feel my friend needs this help right now, and getting the disability would allow her to focus all her energy on fighting the agoraphobia. \n\nAny words of advice would be appreciated. Thanks!!', "Agoraphobia is scary :(One day I'll make it to awesome places. Progress not regression pwease.", 'Thought this fits here ', "I went out and got a haircut!I'm so proud of myself. I usually go to just get a quick trim and even that is pretty anxiety provoking. Today,I got a full on haircut which takes longer. I was on the verge of a panic attack, but I didnt have a full blown one. My hair stylist is honestly the best. She deserves major props for dealing with my panickiness and shaking.", 'I have to go to the doctor today.I’m struggling with some pretty severe agoraphobia. I’ve dealt with this off and on for years, but last year I lost three people close to me, which crushed me, and I’ve been isolating and just not coping well. I can’t work, either. I have some physical health issues, too. I was seeing a therapist, butI’m currently looking for someone new, for lots of reasons. But I know I need help. \n\nAnyway I haven’t been outside in over a week, and tonight have to go for my annual physical. I have terrible health anxiety too and I’m just trying to keep it together. I cannot wait fir it to be over with, and I will probably feel relieved and accomplished after the fact, but I just want to get there. \n\nThank you for reading this.', 'Agoraphobia has gotten worseHi , im new to this and nervous, i was doing good dealing with it, untill i had a sever car accident resulting in 2 major surgeries and a permanent loss of strenght to my hand. I felt since then, going out difficult, i wana stay at home all the time, sometimes i go for food shop, i could have my trolly full and have to leave it in the aisle, and go home. With sever anxiety, which also results in seizures. Has anyone experienced a set back when they were doing so well😔😔', 'What caused your agoraphobia?The only “traumatic” thing I can think of that happened around the time I stopped leaving the house was 9/11 but I’m not even American so idk what my problem is', "Just curious, what do you do?What do you do to keep yourself occupied in your place? The reason why I'm asking because repeating the same thing over it gets tiring. But at the same time you get used to it", 'My Story, To Hopefully Inspire YouI’m completely new to this sub, to be honest I just found it today, but I was able to overcome Agoraphobia without even knowing exactly what it was, and I want to share my story with you and hopefully inspire you, and ensure you that YOU can overcome this. \n\nI always was an anxious person, very self aware, but often overly self aware. Very concerned about what others may think about me. I began noticing i was bailing on plans, on social events, for no reason, staying in my room, not wanting to go to party’s, or socialize in any form, I began to get more and more depressed and anxious even though just years before I was a very social kid. \n\nI developed my agoraphobia when I was 15, I used to smoke weed every once in a while, and to be honest I never really felt “high” until one winter day, I was smoking with 6-7 of my friends in my friends bathroom, hotboxing it. BOOM, all of a sudden it hit me, I was SUPER high, I started to panic, I felt like the walls were closing it, I felt short of breath, I couldn’t twist the door handle to get out of the bathroom, finally I got it opened and left the room. \nAs soon as I left, all I could think was “they’re going to think I’m so weird” but I was so high I couldn’t focus, I couldn’t think normally, they all came out of the bathroom minuets later and asked what’s going on, having all their eyes staring at me, made me begin to panic more, I could feel my heart POUNDING, now I was anxious I was going to have a heart attack, I was anxious that they all thought of me differently now, I was anxious that I was never going to go back to “normal”. I wanted to be home, but I couldn’t tell my parents, they’d kill me. So we all sat in the living room.\nThe oldest guy that was with us (probably 18-19 at the time) came and sat beside me, trying to calm me down, telling me I was okay and this was only temporary, in a few hours I’ll be fine, I remember one friend making a joke to me, something like “you’re in a coma, this isn’t real life” of course that made things worse.\nI remember eating a cookie and having to spit it out in my hand, my mouth was so dry I felt like if I swallowed it I’d choke to death due to the lack of saliva in my mouth. \n\nAnyways, I finally went home that night, my parents couldn’t tell, i went straight to my room. \n\nEverything changed for me.\n\nFor the next few days, I still felt off, I started to feel hopeless, I’d go to school, and I couldn’t even “fake” being the typical happy, funny version of me. I was a popular kid in school, people started to notice something was off, but I was to afraid to open up about it, I felt like no one would understand it, I thought something was wrong with me.\n\nMonths passed, I started to forget what the old me felt like, or who the old me even was. I was 16 and I’d get so anxious some nights I’d ask my parents if I could sleep with them. \nI remember thinking every day, I would do anything to go back to that day, and not smoke weed.\n\n5-6 months later, summer was here, I used to spend every summer out all day and all night with friends, if I was home for 1 full day in the summer it was a miracle. This summer was different. I spent most of it indoors. I didn’t find joy in the little things anymore, I didn’t find joy in anything anymore. I wanted the old me back.\n\nAfter about a year and a half, I started to open up again, I started to “take risks” I put myself in social situations every once in a while, even if I felt vulnerable. \nI felt like I was finally starting to break through.\n\nAfter YEARS of ups and downs, I’m now almost 22, and I’m in a better mental state than ever, of course I’ve grown up, I’m a different person than I was in high school of course, but at my lowest points, I never thought this day would come. I thought I was doomed to this thing we called anxiety, forever. \n\nYOU can get through it to. \nIf this story helps even just 1 person, it’ll be worth it, if you can connect to anything I’ve said. It DOES get better, you CAN do it! Everything happens with TIME! Trust me! \n\nHere’s a few things I found helped me. \n\nFind something your passionate about, something you enjoy, something that when you’re doing it, it makes you forget about your anxiety problems, even if it’s just for a matter of seconds. Those moments of relief PUSH you towards realizing that you CAN take control of your situation. \n\nAVOID WEED, CAFFEINE, TOO MUCH SUGAR, these are more often than not triggers! \n\nI’m sorry if this post was all over the place, I hope this helps someone in their time of desperation, because I know reading this would give me hope when I needed it. \n\nMuch love', 'Advice on a solo taxi rideI’ve been agoraphobic for years on and off and I’m currently going through a pretty severe lapse. Tomorrow I have to get a taxi to therapy for the first time alone. I haven’t gone anywhere alone in a long time. \nI can’t help but visualise every way I will panic, pass out, throw up or something horrific. Anyone got any advice to help me get through it? I don’t want to bail on my new therapist last minute...', 'Need some advice.This is my first time posting in here but I’ve been feeling pretty lost lately. Long story short I’ve been dealing with anxiety and agoraphobia for about a year now. I used to be very social and I loved to go out and now I barely even leave the house unless it is to the closets gas station really. But recently my eyes have been really bugging me and I haven’t gotten them checked for about 2 years. I’m also a contact wearer and I feel like my prescription is not even helping me anymore. And when I don’t have my contacts in everything is super blurry and I also freak myself out thinking I’m going blind when I know there is a very slight chance of that. Anyways I’m having difficulties bringing myself to call and make an appointment because I’m scared I won’t be able to stick to it and actually show up. The things the mostly make me nervous about going is being stuck in a small room for a long period of time and all I can think about is how bad and how they will look at me if I do end up having a panic attack. I really need to get my eyes looked at so I can stop thinking about it and have an up to date prescription so an advice on how to go about this will greatly be appreciated. Thanks !', "Just can't leave my driveway. Pregnant. Hungry. This is bullshit.I have no support system.  Haven't worked in 10 years.  Haven't left my house in months.  My husband is out of town and can't reach him.  I'm starving.  I'm a ridiculous mess.  This agoraphobia junk is for the birds....", 'Struggling tonightLooking for advice, maybe. Or maybe just validation that I’m not alone, I don’t know. But I’ve always struggled with severe anxiety, general and social. Panic attacks. Depression. The works. I’ve blamed my anxiety for so long for the reason I never get out and do things but honestly the worse it gets the more I’m realizing that I’m just afraid to go out, especially without my husband (best friend) with me. After having my son a year ago I stopped working to stay home with him and only recently went back to work part time because of financial difficulties. \nAnd now I feel like I’m way worse than before. It’s gotten so bad that today (my day off) I started getting really anxious around 4pm thinking about the fact that I have to work in the morning (10am). Then it just snowballed. The anxiety for that. My mom texting me (she’s bad at texting) which always makes me anxious that she’s mad. Then my baby getting fussy. All of it until at this point 9:45 I’m just an anxious ball of disaster. My stomach hurts, I feel nauseous and shaky, and I’m wide awake laying in bed thinking about impending doom. \nI don’t even know if I want advice on how to deal with this or if I just want support to know I’m not alone. I really don’t know. I just need something....', "Downward spiralI have suffered from depression and anxiety for years now. However, I had always been able to hold a job until about a two years ago. From then, I haven't been able to keep a job longer than 3 months. Now, I can't even leave the house to get anywhere without the support from my SO. I am now on new medication and beginning therapy soon. I can't work because I have fear of going outside. Even going to my backyard makes me anxious because I think the neighbors are watching me. \n\nI just joined this community in hope to find support. All I have is my SO, and even though he does not have depression/anxiety, he tries to support me the best he can. However, I feel bad because I feel as if I don't contribute to the relationship.", 'Kind of panicky, need some advice pleaseMy case is strange.  Some days I can leave and I’m fine.  Other days, I can’t.  Well, I’m slightly panicky (I have health anxiety as well, and read an article about a kid who had a heart attack) and that’s is one of my triggers.  Now, I’m worried that when I move, I won’t have my safe space anymore.  I legit went to the store and went to Taco Bell today just fine, but now I’m worried that I am going to freak out when I move.  Any advice?  I’ve cried 2 times today and it’s not getting any better.  I even warned my BF what I’m going through.  \n\nAny advice is needed pls', "Last time I was at the grocery store, a guy started following me asking for my name. Today I'm going back.Two days ago I just left all my groceries and ducked out when this guy wouldn't leave me alone. It's not how I would ideally like to react, but I'm not upset with myself. I know I need to go back though or I'm never going to be able to. I'm going to do it today, but honestly I'm scared shitless. I can do this, right?", "I'm going to see a movie with my friends tomorrow for the first time and I'm freaking out.Tomorrow I'm going out to see the new sonic movie with the guys for the first time. By the first time, I mean I've never even been out with my friends before because of my extreme panic reaction to bej being away from home. I really want to enjoy myself and make them know I'm not a disappointment but I'm already freaking out. \n\nDo you guys have any tips on how I can not freak out and have a panic attack because I could really use some rn.", 'I went to the grocery!!I actually went to TWO grocery stores today. I was a bit uneasy in both of them, but a wave of dizziness and panic didn’t come over me. I’ve been using exposure therapy to gain up the courage, and it’s really been working. It’s a small step, but I’m so proud I was able to go and buy my own food!!', 'A place where nobody knows meI partially don’t go out because I’m always afraid I might see someone I know. I feel ashamed of what I look like right now and I don’t want anyone to see me this way. I’m estranged from pretty much all of my family and old friends and I feel so paranoid I’m going to be seen. \n\nI think I would feel okay if I could go somewhere where I am anonymous. Even in my own home. A place where I have no neighbors to monitor my behaviour. I basically need a big acreage to live on where no one can see me come and go. \n\nDoes anyone else feel like this is a big hindrance for them? It’s easier for me to go out when I have self confidence.', "Fomo and HateI just found out that I have agoraphobia and I don't know what to do. \nAfter a long time in my life, I have good set of friends and a great boyfriend. But I cant even hang out with them outside college. \nAll of them stay out till 11pm, experiencing the rich culture of the city but here I'm going home because I dont like too many stimulants. \nI hate that I'm missing out on hanging out with friend, creating memories and experiencing new thing. I'm just here, at my home, not moving. Just staying. I hate it.\nPeople call me lazy or uninterested. That I dont want to experience life, but how can I tell them I physically cant. I hate it. I feel useless and pathetic. I\nMy therapist has helped me alot when it comes to my anxiety but why I'm still gravely overwhelmed to the point of self harm, just because I'm outside of my house past 7. I hate it.", 'On the bright side we will survive the coronavirus! ', 'Was craving sushi all week but was skipping everytime. Today I went!! YAY ', "Psychiatrist tried to convince me to admit myself to hospital!!!!I asked my doctor to see a psychiatrist, cause I feel stuck in life on the medication I am on for 9 years now,I feel numb and still have panic attacks and want to withdraw, the doctor asked me I was sure I wanted to see a psychiatrist, I said yes thinking I will get the support I need to come off the medication and also get CBT. I deeply regret going. \n\nI did this 2 hour interrogation basically, with the nurse, who now knows every single detail of my history and life. She went off discussed every thing with the Dr. He very clinically said, I suggest you admit yourself as an inpatient here. I was shocked. He then told me at the very least I need to to a day programme, going there 4 days a week, but that he would recommend becoming an inpatient instead. \n\nI only wanted CBT and to come off this medication. I never felt so deflated and crushed, I started bursting out crying, felt trapped, and horrified. He then tells me if I make the decision to become an inpatient while I am in the day programme, he will admit me straight away. It was really scary how badly he wanted me to admit myself, no Dr has ever said that before to me. He said the level of care I got is at a low level and he wants to highten it so I am functioning at a high level. \n\nI then asked when he thinks I can come off this medication, he goes let's get you at a high level of functioning first, so that will be years down the line. I felt like saying that whether I am high functioning or not I will still have withdrawals. I regret going there, giving them all my personal and private information, I feel violated, and would not be comfortable being around that Dr he gave me psycho vibes. Can I call and ask them to delete my data? I feel very uncomfortable. I think maybe this is the push I need to get me to just quit medication cold turkey and go through it myself? Or to find a general doctor to help me. I'm not judging anyone who has been in hospital, I am just saying it scared the crap out of me, how I was treated like a subject of function. \n\nI actually am working on something I am interested on  so I can hopefully earn money online and travel at some point,  he completely disregarded that as nonsense, because he said we need to get you thinking about a proper career as well, but first lets get you high functioning. I seriously encourage inpatient, it can be a bit scary with all the nurses taking notes and being monitored all the time, but you will get around the clock care, and he we are very caring here, I got this terrifying psycho vibe, when he said how caring they are, I wish I never went there, and they didn't know my information. Can anyone help me find the positive in this?", "I did it. I finally called a shrink and I cant afford to go. I'm feeling so defeated.200 for the first visit and then 170 each visit after that. Why is it so expensive to get help. Stupid America.  \n\n/end rant", 'Any UK people here who just feel really let down by the NHS and can’t afford private help so feel stuck?I’ll keep this short as it will be a long read otherwise but my mother and I were just talking today about how little help I’ve received despite how often improvements to mental health care are touted everywhere. \n\nFor me personally I have been fully housebound since 21 and partially housebound since I was 19. I’m now 28. \n\nOriginally my doctor said I was entitled to 6 CBT phone calls, 45 minutes each time. No meds or anything. My anxiety was at its worst back then and I only managed 3 phone calls. Waiting for the phone to ring was a trigger as I also have IBS and I’d worry if miss the call if I got a flare up; which of course triggered flare ups haha. Thanks body. \n\nWhen I did manage to answer in time the lady on the phone was nice but all she ever said was “you know it would be so much easier to do this face to face. Why don’t you come in next time. I don’t know how to do this over the phone.” I kept telling her “if I could make it to see you I wouldn’t need your help”. (I should note my biggest issue was the anxiety caused by fear of being away from my house and bathroom due to bad IBS never about fear of going out in general. Excuse TMI but I was scared if I left the house whilst anxious I’d have an accident.) I didn’t learn a thing in those calls. Not one coping mechanism, nothing. Just her complaining I couldn’t come in. \n\nAfter that ended a few months later I called them desperate and said I need help please what can I do? I was prescribed Propranolol. All that did was make the anxiety worse. I had so many bad side effects. I was on it maybe a year before I asked if I could come off it. The pharmacy said sure just stop taking it. Turns out you aren’t meant to quit that cold turkey so when the doctor found out they were angry I was told that and also amazed I was alright. \n\nThen came the slightly feeling better phase but I tried going out a few times and I live in an area unfortunately populated by chav types so I got harassed and things shouted at me from cars so after being super proud of myself for my 3 hour walk I went home and that was that. \n\nBeen trying for years to fix myself. About 2 years ago after slow progress mentally I tried to get help again. I was entitled to 6 more CBT phone calls and Propranolol. I asked if there was something else to take and was told no that’s the best one. I mean maybe it is but not for me. Also had weight gain side effects which knocked my confidence big time. I agreed to both but couldn’t bring myself to go down that pill rabbit hole again so tried to book the phone calls. It was August and at the time my sister didn’t have a job and was about a lot. I didn’t want her to hear the phone calls so asked them if the first appointment could be scheduled for September. They said no. It had to be now or I’d have to be re-referred. I was so fed up I said thanks don’t bother. (Just calling to arrange it was a huge step/toll on me. Being on the phone feels like a huge pressure and embarrassment because at any moment I might have to explain I need to go asap.)\n\nToday I found out I’m not longer allowed my IBS meds on the NHS which I was getting for free because some rule where if it’s a pill you can buy over the counter, like buying Imodium at the supermarket, then you can’t get them on NHS anymore. \n\nI feel so hurt by all this. I’ll have to save myself as I’ve been trying, I’m at the point where my anxiety is almost non-existent it’s my physical health stopping me from just going out right now. It’s it so unreasonable to expect help? That’s what the NHS is for right? I hear about others getting Valium or other anxiety pills and all I ever get are pills that are mainly for heart palpitations, that was never my issue really. Heart palpitations don’t bother me. \n\nSorry, this was supposed to be short but I just want to know I’m not alone? Are there others out there who feel they could have been better in like the first year of their agoraphobia if a doctor had just made more effort? \n\nI know we aren’t in life threatening danger but the longer we have this the more of our life we lose. I want a job again so badly. I want to be normal again. I just don’t get why we get ignored, dismissed or abandoned. If I had cancer or a broken leg I’d get help. When I had depression I got help, I was able to go to appointments for therapy etc but it seems when you are housebound they just don’t care. I guess maybe their logic is “they can’t want help that badly if they won’t agree to come and see me in person”.  I hope people who are housebound for other reasons aren’t treated so poorly. I mean are paralysed people expected to just go to appointments etc? Imagine the outrage if a doctor said to them “well if you could just walk here it would be so much easier.”  \n\nHonestly I feel let down very badly. I bought the Linden Method years ago when my panic attacks were bad and my panic attacks stopped the day I read that part/listened to that cd etc. I haven’t been able to complete the whole thing until I get my physical health sorted but now I’m gonna have to pay a fortune for branded pills. You get like 6 Imodium in a packet. My old prescription ones I got 3x 8 strips. The max you can take in a day if it’s bad is 8 pills. So one pack of Imodium wouldn’t even last a day if it was a really bad day. \n\nIf there was more help in the beginning I wouldn’t feel like such a burden for getting ESA and not working. \n\nSorry again, this turned from a question into a rant but I’m quite upset by all this. I was coping fine but now I’m gonna have to get my own pills for a condition I can’t even control I feel lost. \n\nDoes anyone have any advice for me of other meds I could ask for? I’m in a chicken and egg type situation where I can’t tell if I don’t have IBS and the issues are anxiety related, or if the IBS starting caused the anxiety disorder. (I have GAD too.) Where are those pills I hear about where someone could have a gun in their face and not even break a sweat haha. I want those. Where is the therapist you hear others with this getting on the NHS, the ones that visit you at home and then eventually go on walks with you until you can visit their office. \n\nSorry for whining, I’ve managed to stay positive all this time but I’m so fed up of this house that today is a bad pity party type day haha. \n\nStay strong everyone. Best wishes to all of you going through this too. :)', 'Bought tickets to a concert, having trouble going. I just need an ounce of encouragement to get me out the door.I am 100% ready to go, I’m sitting all dressed and ready, for an artist that means so much to me. I just keep hearing the anxious thoughts that completely stop me in my tracks. I want more than anything to go, for myself, for my happiness, but taking that step outside feels like climbing Mount Everest. Please help me do this.', "Can you be agoraphobic and an extrovert?I'm having a hard time understanding who I am. Anyone have any thoughts?", 'When did your agoraphobia debut?Was it a certain place that triggered you specifically? Was it because of something horrible you experienced? Or did it just come out of nowhere? I want to read all about your experiences. \n\nWe’re in this together, my friends.', 'Advice for overcoming agoraphobia? I’m new here. :)First thing’s first: I am NOT diagnosed by a mental health professional nor have I seen one yet, but I’m pretty sure I have agoraphobia. I have to take hydroxyzine every time I leave the house and I still freak out. I went into my driveway and started hyperventilating. So since this is occurring, I would like to know how to get over it! I started being very afraid to go outside when I started to have panic attacks in public without knowing what they were about six months ago maybe? Not sure, it’s been a while since I’ve gone anywhere other than the doctors or emergency room (I had gotten the flu somehow.) This was embarrassing to me since with my anxiety I thought I was dying, when really I had developed a panic attack problem. Pretty much every time I’d go out into public it would randomly happen and I kind of just..stopped leaving the house. I saw the other day when I went out to buy Valentine’s Day gifts for my man that the city had built a few new buildings, new stores had moved in, and robots are even cleaning the floors in the freaking grocery store. I’m 20F and I was blown away that they would have this technology in stores now. It made me feel horrible, how long have I been in my house? What am I missing??? I want to overcome this problem so I can live my life. I truly enjoy going places and socializing even as an introvert but I’m so scared to even step foot outside my house unless it’s to the doctors where I know I’ll be helped if something does happen. Thank you for any replies. ♥️', 'Hmmm sounds familiar ', 'Anyone want to talk?I’ve been struggling with agoraphobia for almost 14 years now (I’m 22) and I just really need to talk to someone who understands, I’ve been having a really rough time lately. If you have time and want to talk please pm me', 'Overcoming Agoraphobia ', "I went out of town, sat in a restaurant, and only slightly panicked the entire timeThese new meds definitely have some downsides to them but they have caused a lot of progress. It was definitely also a good day, I realize this isnt a regular occurrence yet but I couldn't even dream of going to a restaurant in town for the longest time.", 'My SO was trying to challenge me today with a social engagement, I couldn’t do it and he said I’m a drama queen.Ok so not as bad as it sounds, my partner has been fully supportive and has helped me in every way he can to help me manage my life while I get this sorted. \n\nBut a bit of background first.. I’m f 26, first relationship, moved from full time work living on my own on a property in the forest to full blown city living apartment in the city center, a very big shift for me. I have a history of depression and before moving up I quit my meds, I felt I was doing well and hated the cloudy head. \n\nFast forward to April last year and I have the WORST experience of my life, like full blown ego death panic attack in the center of the city. I get home and the weeks after I try to work on re acclimatizing my self to the out side world. It doesn’t work. I used to be able to leave the house on my own, get groceries etc. but now (6months on) I’m fully dependent on my SO for every outside engagement.\n\nToday, I’m pretty glitchy ( like when you know anything might trigger) and he’s organized this catch-up with this long time friend who’s just come back from a long time trip in Europe, I’m sure he’s lovely. \n\nI’m super extroverted usually but in my head I’m battling these droughts and fears all day about messing up (SO might get a job opportunity from this friend) comes to the time to leave, I’m all done up, nice hair etc. and I just can’t stop crying. I loose it, like badly. I never cry and here I am bawling over my loss of self and my skills because I’m so incapacitated by my anxiety and I can’t leave the house and engage socially.  I used to be able to do all these things and I can’t now. \n\nHe snaps, says I’m being a drama queen and I need to challenge myself. And he’s right, I need to push my boundaries and push past the wall that is my safe space, but it cost me so much each time. And I couldn’t today. \n\nI felt good to write this, I just needed to vent, but sitting on my own now in an empty house, I’m wondering if I’m doing myself a disservice by not willing to face the terror.', 'agoraphobe struggles ', 'What medication have you guys found the most effective for long-term Agoraphobia treatment specifcally? ', 'Podcast Help!?!\u202aSo I’m doing a podcast episode on agoraphobia. I don’t suffer from this but would like to know input from anyone that does or anyone that has some key things to mention?\u202c Just comment anything you’d like me to put into the world and I’ll mention you by name!', 'VR environment to help agoraphobia (research)Hi everyone, I’m sorry if this is very insensitive but I was wondering if I could ask a few questions for research?\nIf it’s too insensitive or rude I can delete this post I really don’t want to cause any offence to anyone.\n\nIf it is ok, I’m in my final year of college and for my final year project I’m creating a vr environment to help people with agoraphobia.\n\nFirstly, do you think this is something that might be helpful? If so, what would you like to see in it?  Different scenes and scenarios? What would you find helpful?', 'I left the house last week and I’m so proud of myself.I’m tired of being in the house scared shitless. It’s been too long and I’m seeing people moving on without me. I’m not going to let that happen. I left the house probably a week ago and holy god was I frightened. I pulled over just down the road and thought “do I really want to do this? I’m super scared...but I’m more scared of sitting in my house alone. I fear letting myself down more than anything else.” I pushed on and went several different places that day and left the house TWICE. I only hid in a bathroom once. Granted I was on meds and the first time I came home to drop off food I was so tired from the mental strain, but I pushed myself outside again because I wanted to buy my boyfriend some lovely Valentine’s Day gifts. (He was very happy, which reinforced the “I should go out more. Good things happen.”) Good lord was I afraid. It felt like I was walking on air, my legs were shaking. My vision was blurry and I had a hard time looking at anybody. I couldn’t talk and could only listen to my music to distract myself. Panic coursed through my veins but somehow I freaking did it. I want to do it again. I want my life back. It was terrifying but..rewarding. I felt so good about myself after I got back home. It was the same as when you’re terrified of an amusement park ride, but it lasts a long time and exhausts you, but then you remember all the good times you had on it. (I hope that’s relatable to someone here, I personally despise roller coasters lolololol.) I hope others find inspiration from this.', 'If you don’t know where to start, start controlling the controllable.A large part of overcoming any form of anxiety is to accept that there are and aren’t things in your control. It is important to distinguish what the differences between these two are. Start by writing a list of all the things you are in control over (i.e. exercise, hygiene, study etc...) Once you have this list, pick the smallest/easiest thing for you to focus on. Whether that be cleaning your room or going for a run. By focusing on what can be controlled and busying yourself with it you can healthily inhabit a lot of that unoccupied space anxiety prefers to reside in. Exercising control over your life is just that, exercise. Over time it gets progressively easier as you get stronger. With your new strength you can focus your control into other areas of your life.', "I'm agoraphobic so I find it hard to find work. Being unemployed makes me feel worthless, feeling worthless makes me suicidal, being suicidal makes me more agoraphobic.If people could see how worthless I am they wouldn't hire me anyway. That's why they ask for 5 years work history with an explanation for any gaps in employment. \n\nWould you hire someone knowing they struggle to walk out the front door? I wouldn't.", 'My fiancé films beautiful and relaxing walks through the English countryside to share with those who might have difficulty accessing them otherwise. This is his most recent, a slow wander through the woods at Cotehele gardens in Cornwall, southern England. I hope you enjoy :) ', 'Si se puede!/ Yes we can!Yes WE CAN! I’m so happy I started Paxil. My depression/mood swings and impulsive negative thoughts were blocking me from greatness and it’s helped me so much. I’ve only used 2 benzos these whole 2/3 weeks (on important triggers) and I feel alive. \nAnything is possible you guys. WE HAVE TO DIE KNOWING WE TRIED! Fuck it!!!! we have one life, live it and love it. You guys are awesome. Keep going. :) hugs and lots of hug!', 'Help!!!!Can anyone help me i would like to get my treatment online is there any good doctors that provide online consultation and medication..... I live in India', "Dreading exposure therapy tomorrowAs the title states am dreading it I've done like 3 exposure therapies so far in a car near house but we're going a bit further out my comfort tomorrow dreading the no control over my breathing even I try the need to get out the car and flee even though I feel like am about to black out the pure anxiousness just thinking about it now is making me feel scared.", "Agrophobia chatWould any fellow agrobiac like to chat? I'm a 25 year old female living at home.", "I need to do something fast - Depression \n\nIm a 21 yo male suffering from depression, severe social anxiety, eating disorder ( getting food means i have to interact with people) and agoraphobia.\n\nI realize I need to take drastic action or I won't survive the year. I live alone, I don't work, I don't eat and I have trouble sleeping. I live in a very safe bubble secluded from society and human interaction. I go weeks without talking to other people. I rarely leave my house and when I do, its only when its night out. After losing 70 pounds I now know if I don't change I'll be dead in a couple months if not weeks. I'm already having issues with my heart.\n\nI believe if I want to survive i have to make some drastic changes. I believe I need to surround myself with people. I have to learn to be comfortable with people looking at me, looking at others, talking to people and being around others. I need advice on ways i can live with other people. I want full immersion because i believe that will be the fastest way to get me out of this hell. I feel im running out of time.\n\nIm considering going to a mental hospital where i will be living with other patients and interacting with staff 24/7 or traveling to los angeles where i am considering couch surfing or staying in a hostel. I want to see if there are more options for me. Maybe even a homeless shelter. I really need to get out of my comfort zone. I don't want to go to a hospital because Im not willing to take medication and I know they will take away my right to refuse medication. Do you have any ideas on things I could do that would give me full immersion preferably 24/7?", "Very AnxiousI was gonna attempt to tonight to ride in a car and leave my neighborhood for the first time in over two weeks and try my hardest tomorrow to travel to the other side of my town tomorrow just wondering if anyone had tips or tricks that'd make it easy to do or deal with", 'Online jobs for people like us in the US that don’t require too much skill?I didn’t finish high school because of agoraphobia/social anxiety and I’ve only had one job in my life that was being a cashier at K-mart which was hell. I just heard of remotasks from a friend but apparently it’s not approved here in the states.', 'Jury dutyI got the letter. Can’t go to a psych to get a letter bc I can’t leave home. And online ones cost money that I don’t have. What now?', 'Ugh! Mobile games are now advertising their games as treatment for anxiety 😑 ', 'Anyone else work in software here? ', "Help! Recently officially diagnosed with agoraphobia and panic disorderI was recently evaluated for my mental state of mind and the psych doctor diagnosed me with agoraphobia and panic disorder along with PTSD and Generalized anxiety disorder and Borderline personality disorder, M.D.D. as well... \n\nI don't want to be like this for the rest of my life. I'm sick of being confined indoors and not being able to do anything I used to do. I loved working with BMW's it was my job and I looked forward to going to work everyday, even just driving was my happy place. My disability took it away from me. I'm at the point of wondering what is left to live for.\n\nI'm either always anxious or in serious rage and depressed. I can't even get involved in reading or writing or drawing, which is something I also used to enjoy. \n\nHelp me! If anyone else has been in this position how do you keep going on?", "I've been housebound for a few yearsI feel so alone. I feel like I've missed out on so many opportunities. I'm so stuck with this irrational fear of mine that is stopping me from living. I hate when I feel panic trying to confront my fears. It's such a terrible feeling.", 'Some times agoraphobic, some times not?So, there are some days where I can leave my house and I’m fine.  Going to the store, waiting in lines at the pharmacy, etc.  then some days, I get in my car and I freak out.  Why is this?  I just want to be normal!', "I NEED therapy, but I cant bring myself to go.I've been in a pretty dark place lately. I know I need therapy badly, but I cant actually bring myself to go to the therapy offices. I don't know what to do. How am I supposed to get better when I cant actually receive the help that I need? This only makes my depression and anxiety worse. I've returned to my harmful coping mechanisms and I'm in a downward spiral. I can barely go out for fucking coffee, let alone go out of town for an emotionally trying session when even in the best mental state, I would still probably get a panic attack. I hate that this is my life now. I'm so fucking hopeless.", "Medication?Does anyone know of any medication or anxiety relief products I could buy online to help with the anxiety symptoms? I really want to go to the doctors to start trying to get better but I know I'll need something to help me get there", 'How to handle being (more specifically sleeping) alone?I\'m not sure if this is an issue that everyone with Agoraphobia &amp; PD has, but I spend my days with my girlfriend  (who has become like my "comfort" person for attacks &amp; anxiety, also) &amp; since my anxiety is massively heightened at night, I appreciate having her around at that time. Recently I\'ve been facing the prospect of sleeping &amp; spending the night alone for a couple days a week &amp; I am really concerned about how I\'m going to handle it - if any of you experience this issue &amp; have any coping strategies I\'d be massively appreciative!', "Starting new medication tomorrowStarting new antis tomorrow, bit worried cause I hate taking new drugs especially anti depressants. Medication is trazodone or tranozodone. I just hope it helps unlike the other 5 I've tried so far with no avail. But still it's scary takimg new anti depressants as you have no idea what possible horrible side effects that could happen 😢", 'VR Agoraphobia Research Survey ', 'hi! i’m tired of being alone!i keep seeing all my friends going out n being ig “young” together n they’ve stopped inviting me bc i always get too freaked out n cancel last minute n its just kind of upsetting to see them all living while i can’t even go near windows n shite i’m just so tired of this n i feel so isolated', 'Hi i’m Slushii and i have agoraphobia.yeah so i really don’t know how to start a post like this but; i’ve felt trapped for such a long time. i’ve been touring internationally around the world performing music. i’ve had agoraphobia since i was 11 years old. i would avoid people at all costs, only leaving the house for things that were necessary (school, work, etc).  i’ve always been (and still am) afraid of approaching new people, seeking out new and exciting situations, and basically living my life. when i’m on tour, i don’t leave my hotel, when i’m home i don’t leave my house. with touring and being out of my comfort zone comes anxiety and panic attacks. some would kick in right before a performance and it would feel like i was about to die, 10 minutes before hitting the stage. i always leave social events as early as possible and have probably missed a lot of opportunities due to my lack of a “social battery”. \n\njust figured i’d hop on here and vent a bit; as i’m off tour and have had cabin fever for weeks; but feel like i’m trapped by forces that are out of my control. \n\nthx for listening &lt;3', 'Is this even agoraphobia?So, I am not sure what’s going on honestly as far as this goes.  I leave my house each day and try to get some exposure done.  More so, I’m afraid of highways, long distances, and afraid of not being able to “escape”.  I have no issues walking outside or anything.  I’m not housebound and some days I can even go 20-30 mins away from my house and not freak out.  Then some days it’s hard to even go down the street.  \n\nIs this agoraphobia?', "Agoraphobic Gaming FriendsFeel free to add me on discord if you need someone to play with, I know it sucks sometimes when you have no one to play with, and discuss how this issue has affected us.\n\nAnd ya boi is trying to play some league, r6, warhammer vernintide, whatever, I own quite a few games from when I worked a 60 hour a week job.\n\nAnd here's to hoping exposure therapy gets me further away from my house.\n\n\n\n\n\nTheNamesTrevor#0323 on discord, or leave yours in the comments.", 'Agoraphobia due to PTSD (trust issues)I just found this place and I’m wondering if anyone has experienced, or is going through, agoraphobia due to trust issues of others from PTSD? I’m struggling with paranoia a bit too. I’m seeing a new therapist but I’m wondering what has helped for others. I don’t like to be around people so I stay inside a lot and I’m very depressed. Has anyone experienced this? Any advice would be great!', 'My Agoraphobia Story ', "Everyday feels like groundhogs day.Everyday is the fucking same. I have agoraphobia,anxiety, ocd and depression and I can barely leave my house. I spend most of my day trying to stave off my anxiety and by the time I'm calmed down, I wasted an entire day.  I'm exhausted and I wake up anxious and the cycle starts again. I dont enjoy anything. Everything feels like a distraction, like I'm wating for this storm to pass, but it never does. I hate my miserable life. I wish I was never born.", 'XRHealth to open the first VR telehealth clinic for neurological therapy | patients can virtually meet their clinician who can control their treatment exposure in real time ', 'Anyone have any luck with medicines that “take time to get in your body”? I’ve been on 12 different ones over the past years. The only thing that helps me in this dark place I’m in lately is Benzos to even leave my house for anything more than a few minutes away.I can’t even drive with my agoraphobia, and all due to the fact I had a panic attack so bad I passed out driving and my buddy had to pull us over to the shoulder. Happened a few years ago and slowly started driving less and less as I got worse\n\nBut anyhow in my spiral downwards I quit 2 jobs because I was constantly panicking and bouncing between depression and anxiety.\n\nAnd tried tons of meds mostly “takes time to get in your system ones”. I’m not sure if it’s my comorbidity that’s the problem or if it’s just not the one for me or I have it in my head they won’t work anymore.\n\nI’m just tired of trying new meds and having to rely on benzos to even leave my house. Any tips on meds or even just anyone telling me it’ll be okay is appreciated &lt;3', "Best friend is moving 7hours awayWhat do I do? I cannot travel 7 hours and stay at their new place when I cannot even stay at their place currently which is 20 minutes away. \n\nSeriously, I am absolutely not in a position to visit him. Will our friendship eventually end because of this? I am worried he will grow tired of me not visiting or make me feel bad for not trying enough. \n\nI'm really concerned at losing this friend because of my agoraphobia illness. :(", 'Tonight was tough so I drew Calcifer on my arm instead of having a panic attack/self harming. I’m proud of myself :) if you need cheering up I’m here and I can try! ', "Exposure therapy is overwhelmingI try to go out for short walks everyday and walk back and forth within a distance where I'm moderately anxious. But whenever I try to push myself to or past the distance where I start to panic, I almost want to sprint home. I don't know how I'm going to push myself further and I don't know how to not do safety behaviors/distract/reassure myself during a panic attack.", "I just dont know anymoreI woke up this morning or yesterday morning ( hard time keeping track of days) and the thought rinse and repeat came to mind. I wake up, take the dogs out, feed them breakfast, feed myself. Take them out, feed them supper, feed myself. Take them out for a bedtime pee then go to bed. Every single day is the same. Add in dishes, laundry, basic housework if I have the energy. My birthday was the 23rd. Went for lunch with my husband and daughter then they went and did what normal people do, go out and do stuff. This was the first year I stuck to my guns about not doing anything.  Usually I cave to the pressure of having people over and I'm just a ball of anxiety for days before and after. Not this time! And I'm ashamed of myself. I should be thankful to have another day to see loved ones! My cousin died on the 22nd of cancer, 45 years old. How horrific, so young! And I'm just here, existing. No hobbies, no work, 2 actual friends, no real relationship with siblings or extended family or in laws.  Like what's the point anymore? I could have 40 more years of this existence. I find myself missing days at a time. I'm just done.", 'Last night I slept with the curtains cracked about 2 inches for the first time in I don’t know how long. DAE relate? ', 'Hello! This is my first post. I’ve been diagnosed with agoraphobia since I was 18. I am turning 26 soon. I am looking for online Xbox friends for anyone that would like to play with me! ', "I hate what I have becomeI attempted to leave the house today for a meditation class of all things, but only got like 5 blocks before my panic attack got so sever I was hyperventilating. Last time this happened while I was driving, I got into a wreck and totalled my car. So I've got anxiety about my anxiety. Course it's my luck that I cant take my antianxiety meds if I'm going to be driving, so I felt rather powerless today. All of this resulted in me ditching a friend who was meeting me there, which made me feel even more awful. I wasn't sure where to turn, so I figured I'd write my experience down. Am I going crazy? Anybody else go through this?", "My JourneyI have had Agoraphobia for ten years, and I wouldn't leave my 🏠 without being on drugs or alcohol. I was diagnosed when I was 14. I developed it almost instantly from smoking K2 spice. I had to relearn to walk and breathe again.  Well, after years of thinking it was Agoraphobia, I just recently figured out it's peripheral OCD with sexual tics that led to the Agoraphobia. I was just so unaware of myself that it felt like I was not in my own body so I couldn't tell what I was doing. I have finally come to terms with it and am openly talking about it (some). I went ten years without discussing it with anyone, not my parents, my fiance, noone. I realized what I was doing (genital glancing and sexual gestures) some, I don't know, 5 years after it started happening, and wouldn't spill my thoughts about it because I was so ashamed of it (and somewhat unaware, at times). I have spent I would say 8 years of 10 inside my home or mental institution. I am finally getting outside and joking about my weird anxiety problem with my family, but I really can't be around strangers at all. I shake and twitch. It's some fucked up shit.", 'Not a lot of success stories on hereI’ve dealt with agoraphobia my whole life. 2 years ago, I could hardly look my own mother in the eye or leave my room for food. Couldn’t drive or barely even walk to the top of my street. Always felt like I was failing myself. It has always been an aspiration of mine to work in the film/television industry. Last month through my college (going to which was a battle on its own), I got to PA on a network show! I drove an hour both ways every day to get there. Worked 96 hours in 8 days, and got paid over $1000 AFTER taxes. Constant socialization (even handed the head of {network redacted} their credential with a convincing smile), high ceilings everywhere (heck, working in an arena a lot of the time). Walked/ran multiple miles a day. Got yelled at by {redacted people that would reveal show}. Interacted with kind of famous people. Not one panic attack. All things considered, I performed flawlessly. Exposure therapy, regular therapy, drugs and a routine is what got me there. I have connections and a resume now. \n\nI don’t think I’ll ever get rid of this part of me. But goddam if I can’t manage it. I’m currently figuring out how to move into the city for my bachelors. I don’t expect to never relapse, but why wait for it to happen?', 'Struggling with long train journeysI left an inpatient unit a month ago I became suicidal and was diagnosed with depression and was previously diagnosed with GAD and panic disorder.\n\nBefore I went into hospital I was afraid to leave my house for over a month. Everything was throwing me into panic attacks. I was also having intrusive thoughts about harming myself so I was afraid to be alone with my thoughts.\n\nSince getting back on medication and into therapy, I’ve regained a lot of my independence and I’m doing so much better.   Long journeys of any kind have always triggered me. I don’t mind if it’s a car because I know I can stop and get out - I never do but I like to know I can.\n\nI’ve pushed through this when I’m fully mentally well and even flew to 18 hours to Japan this September despite the anxiety. \n\nMy issue now is panicking on train journeys that are too long in between stops. I’ve even gotten into the habit of counting how long in between stops. I want to travel this summer but I’m struggling to cope with long train journeys and not panic and need to overcome this first.\n\nI have no social anxiety it’s purely the inability to get off that triggers me. I’ve searched a lot about this but I can’t seem to find others who talk about this.\n\nJust looking for anyone who found something that helped them?', 'Hi, I need some help with coping.Hello, this is my first post here. \n\nI have been diagnosed with LOTS of anxiety disorders. I have GAD, hypochondria and emetophobia, I’m also very paranoid and just overall irrational. \n\nI need a little help. I had a UTI a few months back and my only symptom was extreme urgency, although I didn’t need to go. It all developed into a horrible phobia of peeing myself in public.\n\nI hate public transport, I go to every toilet I can find, even tho I don’t need to, because I want my bladder to be empty. It’s a horrible cycle just like with my emetophobia, anxiety makes you want to pee more. \n\nI get panic attacks in every class because I fear I’ll just pee myself in front of 30 teenagers.\n\nI’m really not doing well in school, I can’t focus on anything else but the anxiety. 45 minutes is just too fucking long. It’s also really uncomfortable.\n\nI just don’t know what to do. I CAN’T DROP OUT OF SCHOOL BUT I DON’T KNOW HOW TO MANAGE...', "Doing exposure therapy is scaryGot another exposure therapy coming this week, am scared as hell, I haven't gotten very far yet but each time it has been hard and my occupational pherapist is speeding up the process to going further by each appointment, all a keep seeing in my mind is horrible uncontrollable panic attacks happening, while away from my home that I can't control.  Not to mention my depression and anxiety is hitting the roof because of this exposure therapy, I know it needs to be done, I have no life 29 never had a girlfriend and getting a job now going to be very hard I want to goto uni but all the things I've learnt have pretty much gone from being house bound for years. I am terried thinking about what MAY happen the depression is leaving with nasty thoughts of wanting to go down the stairs grab a  knife and start whacking my arm with it and other unwanted thoughts, I know a won't do it, but I you never know if I'll will snap and attempt self harm even the though ts alone are tormenting being alone and wanting to end it.", 'How to move on and not feel this shame anymore?So I’ve been couped up in my house going on five years. I’m about to turn 26 and haven’t worked in those five years. By this summer I will have gotten my bachelors degree (online) but as for jobs no one is going to hire me. Along with agoraphobia I have avoidant personality disorder which basically means I have no self confidence and are terrified of every social interaction (social anxiety on steroids). It’s a huge chip on my shoulder. I have been making some progress getting out their and stuff as terrifying as it is. But I feel it’s too late. No matter what I do it’s too late, everyone is so far ahead of me. The main thing I want is to be able to do is hold down a job. Now I’m not proud I’ll do anything but even then I don’t have the self confidence. Even for a retail job there gonna see the gaps and be like I ain’t gonna hire this idiot. I really feel like I’m fucked. I don’t see any light. The world just seems so damn dark to me right now.', "You got this!!!!!40 M, agoraphobic with panic disorder been an issue more on than off since I was 18.  Not a member of the sub, but I wanted to to stop in and tell you. You got this even when it seems like there is no hope, that the world has passed you by...YOU GOT THIS. At 26 I had all but given up on ever having any resemblance of a life. Friends quit visiting, and i couldn't even make it out of my bedroom to bathe. I figured that i was nothing but a burden on family and just existing was nightmare. Now i sit here with a relationship of 14 years a stepdaughter and a son. Im so glad i didnt give up. Sure i still have struggles. On disability still have my triggers etc...  just remember. Take a deep breath, EVERY single step further is an accomplishment, and you should be proud of yourself.", 'Agoraphobic tendencies after trauma?Hi all,\nI’m new here and have really appreciated reading some of the posts in this community, so thanks for that. You are all so strong and I so admire your honesty in sharing your experiences. \nRecently had a traumatic experience and have been having a lot of trouble with anxiety surrounding leaving the house ever since then. \nAnyone else dealt with this? \nSending you all strength for today and for this week.', 'Pleaseee help me. I am so done.I’m 24, female, north England.\nI have no family in my life physically and very rarely even get to see my friends anymore because I have such severe agoraphobia that I haven’t been able to travel in a car or even travel more than half a mile or so from my house in the last FOUR YEARS.\nI used to be unable to leave the house AT ALL and when I first started pushing myself I would be having panic attacks just walking to the end of my TINY street, then conquer that and have panic attacks walking 10 seconds further to the corner shop etc... but within a few months I was able to stretch it to me being able to pretty much travel anywhere that’s walking distance where I can run back home fast if need be. Just the knowledge that I CAN run home and get home fast if I panic actually ensures that I NEVER DO PANIC AND HAVE TO RUN HOME.\nBut the thought of being a car ride away from home makes me want to actually vomit with fear.\nNow the situation is - I’m in Liverpool, and I HAVE to get to Birmingham, for 24 hours, in August for an event which I simply cannot miss. It’ll be about 60 miles away.\nCan someone pleaseeee help me find a way to recover enough to get there ? Just the thought of missing it makes me cry. I’ve missed absolitrly everything else in life for the past four years and I just have no life and no joy whatsoever. People have killed themselves for far less. I’m so sick of this. My dad died a few years ago and my mum just doesn’t care - she only lives 5 mins down the road but she just doesn’t wanna know me and doesn’t care about anyone but herself.\nI don’t understand why I only feel safe in this one house or very close to it.\nI just want this problem to go away so much. These should be the best years of my life.', 'First time I went out in a week or 2 and someone followed me when I was at a storeI’m home now and I’m safe but I had literally just gone out to public to enjoy being out of the house for a bit and this bullshit happens -___-\nI had been inside the store for about 20 minutes when I decided to separate from my dad to go to another section of the store and when I was heading there I suddenly heard footsteps close behind me. Of course I didn’t really think anything of it since they could’ve just been heading to the same section I was, but no. I heard this man saying something that I couldn’t make out at first since I was focused on walking and not looking weird (thanks social anxiety), and the more I walked the more times I heard this man repeat the same thing. Eventually he caught up to me and I turned a bit to face him and he asked me “is that your dad”, but the weird part was he didn’t even point at anyone when he asked me that. Like surely if you’re asking someone if they know someone you would point at the person you’re referring to right? This man didn’t and it honestly creeped me out and I just gave him a weird look and turned around and walked the other way to get away from him. At this point I was having anxiety and I was also getting paranoid. As I was walking back the way I had come from I noticed that people were looking at me and it made me think that they might know something was up, so I just ended up walking around in circles trying to avoid people and the man too, and also trying to find my dad which I couldn’t. But yeah long story short, I did end up finding my dad later on and now I’m safe at home. But I’m still in that hyper vigilant state right now and I’m not fully present in the moment if that makes sense? \n\nAhhh I hope this doesn’t end up making my social anxiety/agoraphobia worse because I already don’t go out as it is 🙃. I don’t know what to make of this situation and what I did wrong, if I even did anything wrong? Maybe this dude was trying to warn me of someone, but there was no one following me except him and he didn’t seem right tbh. Like I had said earlier, this man kept repeating the same thing over and over, like he was a broken record. Shit was weird man', "Going away for 5 daysTo house and dog sit for some family. I have some comfort items packed up and I'll  be leaving in about an hour or so. \n\nI'm getting dropped off, it's about a 40 minute ride, which will be the worse part because I'm also amoxaphobic(anxiety with vehicles).\n\nI went about a month not leaving the house until yesterday I had to go out and renew my drivers license  which was horrible-DMV and all...i got home and was just so exhuated.\n\nI'm really hoping I can make it until Monday without incident. I will be in a house, alone with the dogs. They're  going to have plenty of food so the only time I'll have to leave the house is when I take them for a walk twice a day.\n\nUgh..idk I'm just kind of rambling... long time lurker, first time poster. I guess I thought I'd  make a post here incase I need some support over the next few days.\n\nWish me luck.", 'Getting helpHey guys! I wanted to reach out to those of you that have been getting help and/or are recovered agoraphobic. \n\nI recently hit a really bad low. Long story short, I tried to hurt myself and landed myself a stay in the hospital for a few days. Now I’m really trying to figure out how to get the help I need.\n\nI want to get manageable help. Something that’s not going to just throw me out on my ass after such a traumatizing thing. But rather something that can initiate the healing process.\n\nI’ve been seeing the same online therapist for over a year now and while what some of we’ve been working on has helped, I haven’t learned any really coping techniques to manage my anxiety. She just has me working on the physical exposure therapy.\n\nPlease any suggestions would be great! I’ve looked into agoraphobia specialists and haven’t been able to find any online doctors. I really need to start working on this though because my bubble continues to get smaller.\n\nThanks in advance!', "Bus!I'm on the bus! I'm so excited! I feel like a grown up! Normal healthy grown up here just taking the bus no big deal here no problem just going about my business!! Just wanted to share with people who would get why I'm so fudging excited! I want to tell everyone! And buy myself flowers. Will update at the end of the trip", 'I’m 16 and have agoraphobia, Going on highways is really hard Also scared of being away from home and I don’t like elevators. I live outside of the city and yesterday I made it to downtown and took the elevator!! I’m proud of myself:) I really wanted to share!! The video is from the view I got☺️ ', 'Left my bubble to go to new therapistMy husband escorted me and I wore my sunglasses the whole way even though it was cloudy outside.\n\nI was so anxious about the trip about 24 hours in advance. I looked up the location and tracked the route on google maps. I researched the therapist and tried to find images of the waiting room. All the "what ifs" were playing through my mind. What if we get lost on the bus route? What if we get hit by a car? What if my therapist laughs in my face or tells me that she can\'t help me?\n\nOnce I left the house, I did enjoy riding the bus with my partner. It was a pretty scenic route and I didn\'t have to sit by any strangers. I am not good with directions and my partner helped me get off at the right stop and find the location properly. \n\nIt was so strange being out in the city... walking around all the tall buildings. Seeing the sky and feeling the crisp air outside. Seeing all the people walking around. It made me curious and sad at the same time. Here are these people with a seemingly normal life, a job, relationships, no sunglasses that they hide behind. When we approached the building, I was stunned by having to take an elevator to an office. I pushed the wrong button and I also got off on the wrong floor! If my husband hadn\'t said anything, I would\'ve just wandered around aloof!\n\nThe therapy appointment was exhausting. Interacting with the receptionists, being so near other humans, omg... I won\'t go into anymore detail because I know the people in this sub understand. I got home and just collapsed the rest of the day. I know it is important for me to do all this and I want to have a normal life someday, so I will continue to push myself. One day at a time.', "Got a job!Just a positivity post, I suppose. I only recently got a diagnosis, but I've been getting increasingly worse for three years, now. I have a solid rainy day fund and live very cheaply, so I haven't had a job, because I couldn't manage to get myself to leave the house. I was also a medical student before I got sick, so it's been very difficult for me to go looking for employment that are... decidedly not that. But, I got my diagnosis last week, applied for an online job that night, and just got told I was accepted today.\n\nIt's really not much, but it's the first time I've felt at all good about myself in a very long while, and I just thought I'd share.", 'When does exposure therapy start working?I haven’t worked in two months.  Today was my first day back at my job and I’ve been so shaken and anxious since I got off work.  I panicked most of the day at work as well.  I’m worried I’ll never be able to hold down a job again.  I’m scared it will kill me.', 'Feeling hopeless.So I tried to enrol in an online course. I’ve been more or less housebound for the past year or so and it’s beginning to really take its toll on me. I’m 23 and I’ve never had a real job. I didn’t finish high school or go to university. I never learnt to drive a car. I missed out on pretty much every milestone a young adult has. And lately the guilt has just been stacking on uncontrollably. The guilt of living with my parents, taking from them and anyone else who’s in my life because I don’t earn money and can’t pay my own way. And the fear, the fear of being homeless one day, the fear of never being capable of supporting myself. It’s all started to get so crippling. \n\nSo, I decided to just take a baby step, enrol in an online course so I have something to focus on and so I’m not sitting in the dark binge watching Netflix all day. I had to take an assessment to qualify, and while it caused a huge amount of panic because I have perfectionism and rejection issues, I passed and enrolled in the course. My anxiety surrounding it over the past few days has been growing, but I decided to just keep pushing through and set up my student accounts etc. Then I found it it required “class participation”. Which basically means sitting in voice chats. I know logically it’s no big deal. I know it’s no different to going into a physical lecture. But the idea of having to participate in a voice chat, anxiety wise, is almost worse to me than the idea of physically attending a uni. I don’t know why honestly. Maybe it’s because I feel there’s more expectation that you’ll be vocal because the lecturer can not physically see that you’re present and paying attention? Because in a lecture I could slip out the door and escape if needed but in a voice chat people will notice if I disconnect suddenly in the middle of a lecture or start to hyperventilate? Regardless I started to panic. I tried to calm myself and listen to a previous introductory lesson they’d done, thinking maybe it would calm my nerves and provide a bit of a reality check. I thought “Oh maybe people will talk infrequently or there won’t be any pressure to actually speak.” It didn’t help at all. In the recording the were playing an “introduce yourself game” that involved a lot of “forced” participation, and the thought of having to “preform” and being trapped in a social situation in that capacity made me feel absolutely sick. I actually attempted to listen to it twice because I was desperate for this to work, but I think my desperation to reduce the fear just made the fear worse. So cue the panic waterworks. \n\nThrough my tears I decided to do the next logical thing and look for information on disability support. I’ve managed to get accomodations is the past for issues like this, but upon finding the information for it I realised it was going to require that a doctor assessed the situation, cue more panic. \n\nI moved towns three years ago and could never find another doctor to handle my mental health treatment, since moving I’ve had a few doctors leave practices, and a few others that were less than helpful, and it’s been a source of yet more anxiety and feelings of isolation for me. I haven’t even really spoken to professional about this in over two years. I’ve gradually just let it slip. And the thought of having to go into a doctor and try to convince them I’m mentally ill enough for accomodations when they don’t really know me, coupled with an intrusive fear they’re just going to think I’m lazy and entitled and just don’t want to participate in my classes, made it ten times worse. \n\nAnd so the waterworks turned into full blown sobbing. I’ve been crying for hours. I feel like nothing is accessible to me anymore. Not the outside world, not the doctors office, not therapy, not education, not socialising with others, nothing feels like it’s for me or that I could ever be “recovered” enough to participate in without this overwhelming panic and fear. The anxiety jut keeps stacking on and the fears and triggers jut grow larger and larger and my comfort zone smaller and smaller. I really just want to have something to look forward to. To not feel as though every day is going to be more dread, more situations I can’t face, more failure. To not feel like a burden or a freak. \n\nI’m just so exhausted.', 'Feeling comfortable in my bubble?So, I have been struggling with agoraphobia for a couple of years now, althought I always had troubles with depression and anxiety. \nI managed to keep a job (although a very stressing one) but I eventually couldn’t take it anymore and became homebound. Have been like this since 4-5 months, doing therapy since 2 and got a little better.\nStil, I am worried because I realized how comfortable my safe zone is and that my routine of gaming/reading/watching tv just feels better than facing my fears. \nHas anyone felt like their motivation was fading?', 'Experience with benzos?Hey I was diagnosed with agoraphobia like 2 months ago, I\'ve had it for over a year.\n\nMy psychiatrist gave me an emergency pill he calls "fire extinguisher" because I said having one would help me a lot even without taking it, just knowing I could. I think I will be able to enter scarier situations if I have an \'escape route\'.\n\nBecause they\'re so highly addictive he only gave me one. My plan was originally to take one in the safety of my own home to see what they do because if I\'m already having a panic attack trying out new meds sounds really scary. But I get that\'s not an option now.\n\nI\'m not sure what I got exactly but I googled it and it\'s a benzodiazepine 1mg similar to xanax?\n\nHas anyone here ever taken one while panicking outside? Could you describe to me what it feels like?\n\nThank you!', 'Is recovery possible?I’ve been agoraphobic for 3 months now.  I started developing symptoms back in July of 2019, but I was still able to go places.  It’s hard for me to leave my room some days.  I quit my job back in August 2019 and recently started again.  (Working 2 days a week since they know I have bad anxiety).  I’ve been doing nightly exposure therapy.  I started beginning of January and am now able to drive locally.  \n\nI used to be the girl who was down for anything.  “Oh you’re an hour away and can’t drive?  I’ll come to you!”\n“Oh you wanna go into DC and go to a club? Let’s go!”\n“Oh, you found a really cool place about an hour away to play Pokémon go? Let’s go!”\n\nIt would be one thing if I wasn’t the crazy night owl who was never home, but now I’m the total opposite.  None of my friends know, they just assume I’m mad at them.  I told one friend last night and he was super shocked.  \n\nI just want my life back.  I’m scared I’ll never recover.  Been doing exposure therapy for 2 months now and although I’ve made improvements, I’m still nowhere close to 100.  I’m maybe at 50.  :( \n\nAny advice?', 'I fucking did itYou guys I’ve been on Paxil and .5 klonopin (taken as needed) and I feel like they haven’t done MUCH and I’ve taken the klonopin on days I don’t even need them DESPERATELY but when I’m pre panicking and ehhh. But today after months of not driving I DROVE to my friends house which is 4.2 miles from my house but the street I live on is a Main Street and it’s the busiest street w heavy traffic that starts at 4:45 pm and ends like at 7pm. The worst and I hate traffic. I got everything I had w me including klonopin and DROVE TO HER HOUSE! I breathed through it, I stayed as calm, I even took my plant with me. I didn’t take a klonopin. I feel like I’ve taken enough on days I didn’t need them. And today I just felt so free. So happy. Amazing. I’m so proud. This is life, this is what makes it worth living. Accomplishments like these. I haven’t drove my own car alone to a place this (relatively far to me lol) far. Now On my way to the gym with my friend. Everyone have a wonderful day. Love y’all. Stay hydrated, well fed, take your vitamins etc. IT CAN BE DONE!', 'Somebody else who is housebound for 3 years?Anybody else have the same example? I feel like the biggest looser in the whole wide world for it.. nobody around me understands', "Exposure therapy negative effectsMy anxiety and panic attacks after every appointment doing exposure therapy are getting worse it's horrible 😭 I want it to go away so bad tonight has been a nightmare has anyone else like this after exposure therapy.", "Online TherapyI'm an agoraphobic, obviously, I've been inside for almost 8 years now and recently I received a Jury duty notice, This is filling me with dread and sending me into the worst panic attacks of my life. I have no doctor because of how long I've been inside, does anyone know of anyone Online therapy services that would sign my excusal letter? Thank you!", "anyone else stuck living with their parents because of agoraphobia?i'm 27. i've never moved out. i got agoraphobia when i was 21 which was around the time i wanted to move out but soon after, i got hit with this devastating condition and become very disabled and lost most of the independence i had.\n\npractically speaking, i think it would be difficult mostly because i lack independence when it comes to transportation. i just can't manage public transit and uber is expensive. i have a partial driver's licence which i want to upgrade but i still have anxiety around driving. i feel if i just get good at driving and more comfortable with it, this might solve things. there are some other issues that may arise too obviously but i feel this is the main one.\n\ni'm embarrassed to admit to people i still live at home. it might make more sense to people if they know i have agoraphobia but there are people i don't want to know about my agoraphobia at all. \n\ni also am having an increasingly more difficult time dealing with my parents. i mean, they are nice and i think they mean well and care but they are very enabling and overly involved in my life. my mom is a textbook helicopter parent. i sometimes question if maybe they benefit from having me here, it's just fucking bizarre.", "I let my agoraphobia win today. :(I decided to go out to go get coffee with my mom. I've done this before and I've been fine, but today I failed. I dont know whether it was the lack of sleep or just bad day. During the 10-15minute drive, I suddenly started panicking and I couldnt calm down. I begged to go home( I wasnt the one driving). My mom got so frustrated at me. She started yelling, which unsurprisingly, made my panic attack worse. She was yelling about how I need to stop complaining, how shes tired of accommodating me, how I never try to fight my anxiety and I'm just getting worse, etc. She kept bringing up tough subjects. I just couldnt handle it. She was visably upset by the time we returned home. Slamming doors, more yelling. I understand why shes upset. I'm just really angry at myself and it's all my fault. I'm just a failure and a disappointment. I'm trying my best , I'm tired of her trying to tell me that I'm not trying. Everytime I leave the house, it's a battle. She just doesnt see it that way. I wish I wasnt born. I wish my parents could have had a better daughter. Sorry for the long post...", 'I need a job, any ideas for an agoraphobic?I’m 19F, any ideas or coping skills for working?', "I'm so scared!I'm so scared that I'll be 45 living in my parents' basement and I wont be able to leave the house. I dont know what to do. Every year my mental illness gets worse and I cant bare it any longer. I'm wasting my youth and my life being afraid ofeverything. I logically know that it isnt worth it. I cant help but have panic attacks all the time. I'm too scared to take my medication, I'm too scared to find a job, I'm too scared to go to college, and I'm too scared to go to therapy. My life is miserable I dont know what to do. My mental illness has taken away almost everything from me.", 'Starting Trazodone tonight scaredThis is my 6th medicine am starting tried fluoxetine, sertraline, citalapram, venlafaxine which is the  current med and mirtazapine which was most horrible one put of all 5 heard some bad things about trazodone starting at 50 cause am a puss was supposed to start at 100mg hope get some good feedback on this drug and hope not as bad as it I think it is then again venlafaxine had some scary symptoms.', 'Seasonal depression/ seasonal panic attacks flare up? Can anyone relate? How do you cope?I feel like I see the world just a scary place and I feel extra vulnerable in the cold weather/ winter season. One the sun starts shining I feel better. Helps my mood, my headaches etc. Obvi tho I hate the REALLY BAD heat bc it can also give me headaches and dehydration but in that season I feel so much free and hopeful. Last year I was alone w my agoraphobia and I accomplished so much. It was unbelievable. Then winter came, the cold makes me sick easily. I don’t go out, shivering makes me nausea idk. It’s just a lot.', 'Does anyone else not even see the people they live with?I lock myself in my room and don’t see people for weeks (at its worst, months) at a time. I’ll only do things around the house when no one is home and I’ve basically made myself nonexistent to my distant family since I haven’t been able to go to family events for over a year. I don’t feel like a person anymore.', 'Serious questionPeople with agoraphobia, what do you do all day, how do you pay rent, etc?', 'Agoraphobia recovery journey IG page!!!!Okay guys I don’t know if you remembered but along time ago I suggested this and I got good feedback. I follow plenty anxiety pages and I love them, they help so much but mine is more of SEEING someone who is RECOVERING herself. I will be raw, give out my personal opinions, ALOT OF truth but a lot of hope as well. I think helping yourself help others is the best way to help. It will be private but I will accept all who I see can relate. I’ll work on it tonight and give you guys the @ name. I will have lives when I drive and what i do when I sense panic. I’ll post when I go out, fun stuff. Thank you guys for your support I get here. Y’all have helped immensely and I’d like to repay in any way I can.', '@MORETHANPHOBIA ON INSTA!Hello! I have started my journey to recovery page on INSTAGRAM for people to not feel alone whilst they are on their own journey as well. It is a fun, non judgemental safe place for people to be able to inspire eachother and to help one another. My goal is to make sure people don’t let setbacks bring them down more than they should. It is called @morethanphobia on Instagram! This is a place where I will post daily and interact with you guys. I will share my experiences, my own coping skills and etc. It’s a place where we can all share what we go through and who knows if someone on the other face of their phone might have an answer for some sort of relief. I would love feedback on it as well. I hope you guys love it. I’ll also recommend positive pages to keep spirits up high and etc. WE GOT THIS!!!! I feel like agoraphobia isn’t talked about enough and for those family members, friends, coworkers etc who don’t get it, it’s bc it’s not talked about enough! You guys are all strong and amazing. Thank you thank you thank you. Reddit has opened my eyes a lot and I’d love to create a platform for others who use IG more. Have a wonderful night y’all.', 'For people who can’t smoke weed to cope anymoreI have smoked weed as an anti-anxiety coping mechanism for roughly 5 years. But in recent months even taking a small hit can cause major anxiety. I’ve found that smoking 3:1 CBD weed has given me back that feeling of being able to comfortably smoke without anxiety. (4% THC 12% CBD have been my magic numbers) It gives me the familiarity of smoking while not causing anxiety from too much THC, and if I do decide to get “stoned” by the time i’ve smoked enough THC to get there I have smoked more than enough CBD to keep me calm. Thought this might help some of my fellow stoner agoraphobes.', "Feeling kind of hopelessIs it bad that I'd rather die than go through exposure therapy... I've tried both just trying to push myself through a normal life and taking baby steps but it's just so terrifying I don't really want to go through all this anymore... I have awful tolerance for discomfort and I almost feel traumatized by all of this... I don't want to go outside anymore but I feel crazy being indoors and inside my head all the time.", 'After two years it’s finally overAll my life I’ve struggled with social anxiety. Two years ago I began developing agoraphobia which was accompanied by severe stress and many sleepless nights. \n\nMy muscles would stiffen and hurt incredibly to the point it was difficult to move. I even developed a stomach ulcer due to the overwhelming anxiety I experienced. \n\nBut now I can say it’s finally over. Something spontaneous happened. I no longer felt anxiety or stress. I could finally sleep at night. I dropped taking anti-medications such as Xanax and Ativan long ago. \n\nNow things are looking up for me. Tomorrow I’ll be taking my driving test which I have no anxiety about. As before I would’ve been stressing about it for weeks prior to the test. \n\nIn the following months I’ll be moving to NYC where I got accepted and got a scholarship at a university where I’ll be attending medical school. \n\n**TDLR:** There is a cure for agoraphobia. Set long term goals and use temporary meds such as benzodiazepines as a tool to deal with foreign situations to learn and grow from them so the next time you go through it, you’ll know what to expect without needing them.', '@MORETHANPHOBIA on INSTAGRAM! PLEASE FOLLOW!If you guys have a panic disorder, mild to crippling anxiety, agoraphobia, emetophobia ETC please follow @morethanphobia on Instagram! It’s a page of pure reality of what it’s like to have these illnesses. I will share my personal experience, my accomplishemnts and you guys can share yours too and I’ll repost. I want to inspire people and encourage people to just go with the flow. Everyday is not a good day but we shouldn’t hate ourselves if we can’t go our or if we have a lazy day. We work with what we got that day. I also want to show people it’s hard but IT CAN BE DONE! From medications, to CBD oil, coping skills, therapy, essential oils, harsh physical symptoms, etc we will talk ALL about it. Help me help you. It’ll also help ME so much to stay on my toes. I love helping others and this will help me IMPROVE but hopefully as well motivate you. While there are people who are recovered and share their old experiences,  I want to show my actual recovery bc it’s not a STRAIGHT line up. It’s a bumpy ride and I’m ready to show the good the ugly and be RAW. Thank you guys 💛', 'How do you handle friendships if they don’t believe your diagnosis?I was recently diagnosed and a friend of mine brushes off my explanations of how I experience panic and anxiety as though I’m exaggerating common feelings everyone gets. Along with my autism diagnosis she doesn’t believe it and seems to be suggesting I’m seeking a diagnosis for a diagnosis’ sake. This is really hurtful and makes me feel like I can’t talk about a major part of my life. DOE have experience handling this? Are we really friends if she doesn’t see me?', 'The question I hate the most, "What do you do all day?"I know there are different types of agoraphobia and I am currently in the, \'I will throw a childlike tantrum if someone tries to make me leave my safe zone.\'\n\nI hate when people ask me what I do all day if I don\'t leave the house for weeks at a time.\n\nI read a lot of articles online, listen to podcasts, excessively clean, play with my cats, draw, write, I have a pen pal I check in with daily, my friends, and brother.\n\nWhat does everyone else find soothing while trying to ignore reality? Hahaha', "Started a new jobHi dear people,\n\nI need your help. I've reached out to my therapist but he hasn't called back yet. I started a new job and I'm freaking out. Terribly. I work 8 hours a day in a hospital and yesterday was my first day. It was okay, I don't particularly enjoy the work but it's honestly okay I'm okay with it. Yet, on my way home I was experiencing this angst that let me quit my last occupation. I don't want to feel this dread and feelings of wanting to quit on the spot. I don't want to quit but the agoraphobia is telling me to. It's screaming in my face that I need to quit but I'm refusing. I need to take this chance or I won't get another one. This is ridiculous. Why do I feel this way even though I don't hate my job? After all it was just the first day and yes I was really really exhausted after walking all day (hospital job) but that's not at all any cause to quit?\n\nPlease help me deal with this angst. How do I keep it at bay?\n\nThank you.", 'I have to travel one hour away from my home to get help for my infected ears before they seriously hurt me. I’m scared as hell.I am agoraphobic. The only ENT hospital I have near me that could possibly help my middle ear infections is an hour away. I am absolutely terrified. One freaking hour of driving in pain and one hour back. I don’t even know if my hydroxyzine can save me here. I might vomit from the vertigo. I can see the panic attack now.', "HelpHey guys so I've been agoraphobic fully homebound for 7 years now and I've started cbt aka exposure therapy about 6 months ago and i still can't get myself to step out the door with my therapist (he comes to my house) and i just feel like I'm wasting time!..any tips for the initial jump when you suffer with anxiety induced stomach people's and need to be near a toilet at all times? I'm sooo stuck", 'AdviceHello, I was wondering if anyone could give me some advice.. I struggle with extreme social anxiety, GAD, ptsd, and agoraphobia to name a few. Every day I have been pushing myself to go out in public (granted I always have to have someone with me) and I’ve been feeling really overwhelmed. I am 22 and I haven’t ever been able to hold a job. The longest job I had was part time for 4 months and I’m surprised I didn’t get fired (I called out constantly because of my panic attacks and anxiety). That was 3 years ago almost. \n\nAnyway, today was supposed to be my first day at a new job... Last week I managed to get through the interview, accept the position, even called on the phone (which is something I haven’t been able to do for 2 years), and got through walking in to do the basic hiring info. Ever since I’ve been extremely stressed and anxious. I couldn’t sleep at all last night and watched each minute pass on the clock the entire time, trying to ground myself, soothe myself, remind myself it was okay, etc. I cried, had anxiety attacks, got dressed, and got to the front of the building. I couldn’t walk in, even with my wife right there. I started to freak out and she supported me through the entire thing, but I feel miserable and I feel like a failure. I told myself I was proud that I even made it as far as I had, but I can’t help feeling overwhelming disappointment. I didn’t call in. I’m supposed to go in tomorrow, too. I don’t know what to do. I want to work, I want to be a normal functioning human, I want to help my family out and do something with myself. Should I try talking to the manager about it? I mean I haven’t even started there yet and missed my first day (which was only computer training as far as I know). I’ve been depressed about it and I want to not screw up another opportunity. I’m so thankful I even got a job, but every time I screw it up... Any advice? Should I just.. try to work in being kinder to myself and keep taking those baby steps? I’ve tried to get disability, but I’ve gotten denied twice because I “don’t have enough work history” and I can barely leave the house as it is to do anything.. I want to be “useful” financially and I want to get to that point where I can work.. Maybe I’m just not there yet? Is that okay? I don’t know. Thank you to anyone who takes the time to read this..', 'Behold depression. One day at a time! This was a couple if months ago ', 'I’m getting better!!My friend asked me to see him (he lives an hour away) and I’m too anxious to tell him about my agoraphobia so, I pushed through and did it.  Hour there and hour back.  Not gonna lie, I was freaking out.  My normal freak out thoughts are: what if I pass out when I get there? What if I die on the way? And my favorite:  what if I get there and am too scared to come home.  Mind you, I haven’t seen my friend in almost 2 years.  So I was also anxious about that.  It went pretty well!  Actually.  And then coming home, it was super easy because I called my bf and told him how everything went.  I’m not going to say I’m cured, but getting out of my comfort zone was awesome.  Not gonna lie, I’m now super anxious right now for no reason yay anxiety.  I’m just super happy I made it.', 'FRIENDLY REMINDER TO FOLLOW @morethanphobia on insta!YOURE WELCOME!!! :)))', 'My trip down the agoraphobia hole, and how Ive been making progress to get out of it.I left home at 13. \n\nI moved into a derelict household that was home to 15+ delinquent teens and drug-addicted 20 year olds, and quickly picked up a dependence on weed and alcohol. \n\nNaturally I found myself in many situations a 13 year old should never be in. Violence, drug-abuse, and sexual promiscuity/misconduct were every day occurrences. There was never any food, and the power and water would be shut off for weeks on end. It was a horrible environment. I learned how to survive off one meal a day if I was lucky, and washing clothes became a long lost luxury. I had to fight to eat, fight to sleep on the couch, I’d have to fight just to survive. 13 through 14 was just learning how to survive. \n\nI’d have to write a book if I wanted to get into every little situation that occurred in that house so we’ll just leave that at that. \n\nBy the time I was 15 I was dabbling i’m harder drugs and many of my “friends” had began getting into guns. I figured if they had them I should too. Once I got my first pistol I decided that robbing drug dealers would make better money than selling dime bags to other 15 year olds. So I did. It was a very dark time, and this was around the time I first started feeling real anxiety. To this day I still need to sleep on my left side so my “shooter hip” would still be accessible if anyone came in at night looking for trouble. I thank god that I never had to use my gun because I would have easily ruined my life, and condemned myself to decades in prison. \n\nI think it goes without saying that I wasn’t going to school this entire time, and once the principal had enough of me causing issues on campus he sent me to an alternative school. Even the teachers at the school said it was “Prison-prep”. Concrete walls, tall metal fences, and police at every corner at all hours of the day. Once a week they would do drug sweeps and pick up 10-15 kids to take em to jail. They brought 2 paddy-wagons everytime because they knew that they wouldn’t have enough space in their squad cars. \n\nI met a lot of seedy characters, and eventually me and some of the top dogs from the house began commanding our own little crew of teenage robbers. Most of them ended up in jail or getting hurt and staying away from us. At the time it felt like I was on top of the world, but looking back it was my rock bottom. I was doing drugs as fast as I could get them, and spending money as fast as I made it. It was the most disheartening feeling to make a few hundred dollars in a day but still go to bed hungry. \n\nOnce I turned 16 a close friend of mine was murdered a few blocks from our house. The blood trail showed that he tried dragging himself towards our house, his hands were still curled from gripping the pavement. That really broke me, I was in a constant state of panic that whole summer. From the minute I woke up to the second I went to bed I was curled up on the floor next to a trash can. I realized that if I kept up the lifestyle I was living that I wouldn’t make it to 20. So I reconnected with an old friend who had left the house about a year prior. His family took me in, treated me as one of their own. It was the first time I had ever felt like anyone really cared about me. \n\nMy friend took me to the river and we threw my guns in and watched them sink. Shared a doobie and swapped stories about what had happened in that house. This was when my agoraphobia really started setting in. I didn’t want to leave the house, I was scared that I’d have to face the people I wronged, or that people would still think of me as “the old me”. \n\nI started up at a new school, it was a tiny building with 4 classrooms and no more than 50 students (most of which didn’t show up). The teachers really cared about me and wanted me to have some form of education, they helped me get my GED and got me started on college classes. \n\nBut even though everything was said and done I was still the same person, I had never had the chance to really process everything. Anxiety attacks became a daily issue. I didn’t know how to be a functioning member of society. Hell I barely even knew how to work a washing machine. \n\nI became a major recluse, never left the house. Eventually dropped out of college. I was completely lost. At 16 I thought I had used up any and all karma the universe had in store for me. I thought I’d die any day. Not only that but I thought I deserved it. \n\nI was able to kick my hard drug habit because I was too afraid to seek out any dealers. I didn’t know who might have it out for me. \n\nOnce I was off drugs it became clear that I needed to rekindle my relationship with my family. By the time I had actually gotten around to it I was 17. \n\nFunnily enough I met my girlfriend at this time, we are still together to this day. She really helped me get out of the survival mindset, but all the little quirks and habits remained. I’d snap at her if she talked to me while I was eating, she’d have to sleep on the left side of the bed so I could sleep on my left side, and I praise her endlessly for putting up with me during this time. \n\nI still wasn’t leaving the house, I refused to do minimal things like going to the store, and if she asked me to come with her to a social get togethers I would have full on mental breakdowns. \n\nIt took me some serious time to realize I needed help. \n\nEventually after getting tired of having panic attacks everyday I figured talking to a psychiatrist couldn’t hurt. I was diagnosed with PTSD, Panic Disorder, and Agoraphobia. \n\nAfter talking with a case manager and therapist for about a year I realized that I was stuck in survival mode. The only skills I had were the ones necessary to survive on the streets. I had to build real-world skills, and to this day I don’t have them all down. I recently had a bad episode where I went back to being housebound from July of last year to about a month ago. \n\nI would cry and pray every day “Will I be normal again?” \n\nBut over time, by quitting alcohol and weed, and restarting exposure therapy, I’ve finally found some peace of mind again. I still have bad days, but they aren’t as bad as they used to be, and I’ve accepted that having a bad day or episode doesn’t remove any of the progress I have made. I am my own man now. I’m 10 years removed from all the bullshit that troubled me in the past, and I’m making steps every single day to get better. \n\nThe path to getting better may not be linear, but I will get better. Nothing can stop my progress. \n\n\n(I know this is a long read, but if you made it through, I hope you can learn something from my story.)', 'How Do I Overcome Agoraphobia and Sensory Overload?I’m a female, 15-years-old, and have suffered from diagnosed agoraphobia for about 2-3 years. I’m not really housebound. I mainly struggle with open places, such as: parking lots, stores like Walmart/Kroger/Mall, and y’know — open fields/open roads/etc.. Most open space stores trigger me because of the open spaces and the lighting. What is the best way to start my recovery process? I struggle with eating out, too + eating in front of others! Any advice/tips would be appreciated!', "Sometimes I can't imagine a way outI was successfully meditating 30 min to an hour daily for almost three weeks. Just alone in my room. I was making progress.\n\nI hadn't cleaned my room in years! I had focus. Even though I still couldn't get groceries, I got my car oil changed. \n\nMeditation began making me painfully bored. My high sensitivity to noise started to get worse again. \n\nI am sick of just feeling so confined to my room. I am 26, and will be 27 this month. I feel I've failed as a functioning female in society. \n\nI went to a special ed high school with epileptics and schizophrenics because I was in a constant psychosis from 14 - 18. I'm still agoraphobic. I wanted to be cured by now. I hate this part of myself. I hate how much I could get done at home, but I don't do anything at all but lay down. I don't want to take medication anymore. \n\nI just want a miracle to happen.", "Anyone else unable to travel?I have been invited on a 1 night trip away. It's a 2hr flight. Everyone thinks it's simple and I could go, but I'm already having nausea and don't think I am ready. \n\nI'm more willing to travel 2 hrs by car but that is my limit for now. Is that OK? I can't go further. I can't go on a plane. \n\nI'm wanting to overcome agoraphobia but want to take smaller steps than a PLANE and another country. Does anyone relate", '@MORETHANPHOBIA on insta :)Hope you guys find use of this page and like it. Everyone is welcomed. Give it a follow! :) It is for people with agoraphobia, panic disorder etc!', 'Running late??I am always running late to places I am really anxious about going to, just wondering if anyone else is the same or if this is common?', 'I make music to help cope with my anxiety, figured some of you might be interested ', "2 years of agoraphobia OVER 🎉🎉🎉Hey guys i remember going on here two years ago feeling lost and hopeless and scared and confused. I was so new to this concept and had the fear everyone has.\n\nWill this ever end? Can i live my life again?\n\n2 years ago i had a ptsd incident where a client died suddenly in my arms. I didnt cope well and got extreme hypochondriaca. I had panic attacks i couldnt connect to the incident and 4 months into the panic attempts i was unable to go to stores or be in the car longer than 15min. The panic attacks started happening every 3 days. So i moved from idaho to new york city for care. \n\nSince the panic ive had 6 ekgs, 38 doctors visits, cardiologist, obgyn, 72 hour Holter monitor, 18 blood tests for EVERYTHING, thyroid sonograms, stress test, echocardiogram, endocrinologist, mri of my brain, 4 chest x rays, 3 breathing tests, and the list goes on.\n\nI became completely housebound November through may of 2018. The most i did in a day was drive to the store 6 minutes away and get 2 items. Most days i panicked ane cried trying to drive around the block for exposure therapy.\n\nJune 20th i moved to texas to live with my family and seek more care. I couldnt work or take care of myself. The lovely relationship i had with my boyfriend of almost 4 years had turned into an abusive toxic relationship. He would scream and leave and threaten to not get me food anymore or help. Broke things daily and told me to kill myself. Our relationship was never like this before.\n\nWhen i moved to texas i panicked. Things were hard. Me and my boyfriend broke up. I lost my freedom, money, travel, my beloved dog, boyfriend stole 1k from my savings, and at 23 i felt my life was ending to go home and live with my parents again.\n\nMy parents refused to enable me. They made me shop for my own food and held me accountable for my therapy and psychiatrist. Here i am 7 months later and i have a job at a home owned pie shop as a baker while i work on my masters degree.\n\nI got a horrible burn that kept me inside for 8 days unable to move. And when i finally got out i PANICKED! I thought, this is it. I couldn't go out for exposure therapy for so long idk what i am going to do. I had a panic attack. I still have them. But i sit through and calm myself down within minutes.\n\nI finally realized the progress ive made today as i drove 3 hours with no sleep and crying in pain and in the rain. Cooked dinner, saw my doctor, and went out to a nice dinner and walked around downtown dallas with my best friend getting bakery goods.\n\nFor a whole year i couldn't leave my house. I spent my birthday alone, chirstmas alone, thanskgiving, ect.\n\nIn the last 3 months ive been to paris, london, chicago, nyc, LA. I have gotten a job and started school.\n\nSo many times ive almost given up on life... So many times ivr almost given up on the process and on myself. But today i am a 23 year old girl. I have panic attacks and anxiety. But i am living my life. I finally feel whole again. I wanted to thank this group, as i have made many life long friends and talked to so many support systems throughout my journey.\n\nI love you all. It gets better.", 'Today was a tough one.I have gotten much better in the past year. I used to be unable to leave the house and even panic in my own home. Since those days I’ve been able to do most things a neurotypical person can. \n\nToday was an ugly reminder that this thing still lurks around waiting to pounce. I am moving to a new house and needed to meet the furniture drop off guy so he could set the furniture up. \n\nWell I had gotten sick last night with fever and hardly slept, but still needed to be at the house for this furniture drop off. Turns out it takes a lot longer than I expected and also turns out anxiety doesn’t like lack of sleep, or fevers. \n\nSo I panicked off and on for a few hours and was miserable, but I made it through it and didn’t die. The drive home was even worse because I thought my fever was so high I would black out or something. Made it through that as well. \n\nEven though that experience was horrible and wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy, I made it. You all can too. Take it from a guy that didn’t leave his rooms for months. \n\nTldr: made it through a tough time even though it sucked. Sometimes we need to find the silver linings.', 'AMA: Can Anxiety ever be CURED? (Advice from an Anxiety coach/mentor) ', "I'm making a survey for one of my subjects and I need your helpHi guys. I'm a student in computer science and for one of my subjects I'm working on an app that is going to help you in your agoraphobia/anxiety treatment. So I'm making a survey because that's one of my homeworks I don't really know why.\nIf you have any doubt you can DM me :)\n\nHelp me. I've been procrastinating a lot.\n\n[https://forms.gle/zHDNRbzkY1negq8d8](https://forms.gle/zHDNRbzkY1negq8d8)", "Success!!!I started going to the public pool, by myself. \nIts next to where I work but it wasn't like a safe zone in and of itself and I am really proud!\n\nI wanna try to add another place that I can go in another week or so, probably like the library.\n\nIdk!\n\nHas anyone else had any success lately ?", "Does anybody have Goodreads?The reason why I'm asking is because since I'm stuck in the house because of my Agoraphobia, I figured why not found people that likes the same kind of books I do. Like for example, I read horror or supernatural books. I'm also slowly getting into graphic novels. So I figured why not find someone that has the same taste compare books, like a book club or something.", "Good or bad idea for exposure theripy?I haven't been out in years, but there is one place I have wanted to go, but there are usually so many people about it's just not going to be possible for me to even go.\n\nNow with all this 'Coronavirus' scaring people from going into public places, shopping centres, buses etc, it seems like the perfect opportunity to actually get out when there are going to be the least amount of people about.\n\nMy city hasn't been that affected by it yet, there has been 1 case so far, but still people are fearful. \n\nSo i've been thinking of just catching a bus, maybe with someone with me, and going into the city centre (if you don't know, city centres are usually packed with people shopping, because they have all the best shops), getting a coffee, which I've never done, and just walking around.\n\nI know this is probably the best time to do it, since most people are scared to go out and the crowds should be relatively small.", 'I haven’t left the house in over 30 days (it’s been 60 now)then corona virus hits the news... ', 'Getting worse and worseI struggle a lot with my body going into fight or flight in public situations and feeling intensely sick. Ive just realised that this week I managed to attend 2 out of possible 12 lectures. Im struggling to keep up with material and just feel like dropping out and starting a menial job would be much easier.', 'Anyone agoraphobic and in a mentally or emotionally abusive relationship?I was just trying to leave the house for the first time in too long and my abusive partner as usual starts yelling at me and making me feel so much worse. So much for trying. 😞 feeling hopeless...', 'Can anyone else absolutely not leave the house if they have a cold? I tried today but it makes it so much harderI don’t know if I’m worried about throwing up or what, but I had a small panic attack just about to leave my house today, I normally get really anxious the way it is leaving the house but I absolutely think as of now I can’t leave without a cold or any physical illness symptoms. I’m not sure but does anyone else get this?', "DiscordHey can anyone link me the agoraphobic friends discord? I'm already a member of the agoraphobia one I just want that one too😂😅", 'Doesn’t it figure...I have a mostly official DX of agoraphobia... been in therapy and have new meds to deal with my current big issue which is driving. Now ready to start practicing and... new corona virus happens. One case in my state. \n\nI’m not high risk but have a family member who is - plus I’m a recovering hypochondriac, who was pretty paralyzed with the concept of catching any contagious illness, on top of moderate agoraphobia directly related to this fear. \n\nAnyone else feel like you just can’t catch a break?', 'Week of high highs and low low lowsThis week has been my second week of beginning "intensive recovery". I don\'t know why I am sharing all of this... maybe because some people might relate and take comfort in know they are not alone in the struggle. Here are some highs and lows of my recovery. I am at the very beginning stages.\n\nHigh highs:\n\n\\-Ventured out of the house at dusk with my partner and walked to the ocean. We saw some insects and the birds along the way, which I love to watch, and that brought me joy and helped me focus on something positive.\n\n\\-Ventured out to a D&amp;D game. It was a small group and I had my partner go first to make sure everything was safe. I had a lot of fun and it was my first positive interaction with "real people" who are not my husband/therapist/doctor/psychiatrist in a super long time.\n\n\\-I have been trying to go out into the backyard at least daily to do small tasks... tend the garden for a short time, hang up laundry, take out the trash, etc. Something just to get me outside.\n\nLow low lows:\n\n\\- People from a community mental health wrap around service group (mouthful) of some kind came to my house to \'interview\' me. They asked a lot of questions about my past, my present struggles, etc. It was triggering. I cried a couple times. I cry everyday so the first time it was my normal weepy self. But near the end I had a breakdown/panic attack. I have one of those almost daily too but it was hard to do it in front of these strangers. I know they are professionals and see this everyday but still.\n\n\\-Had to venture out of the house into the city for another therapy appointment. I hate going to the city. What makes it worse is I walk by two specific buildings I want to jump off of. They always trigger my suicidal thoughts.\n\n\\-I have been tailoring off my current medications to start new ones. Withdrawal.\n\n\\-We are moving to a new house this weekend. I have moved every year for the past 10 years. I am so tired of moving and just wish I could stay in one place longer than a year.\n\n\\-My moods overall have been extreme lately. I cycle up, down, and all around all throughout the day. At the end of the day, I am exhausted. I am just feeling so much stress from all of this it has been so difficult!', 'The thought of hanging out and/or having sex makes me really anxious, advice?I’ve been doing really well in regards to my anxiety and agoraphobia. I’ve been leaving the house daily and sometimes for long periods of times! But I recently got wifi again after not having it for 4 or so months and I can get back to talking to people. Anyways, one guy that I like keeps wanting to hang out but even just the thought of hanging out makes me anxious, not to mention anything remotely sexual. How do I get over that? I even get anxious that I’ll run into him at a store or something and that triggers my agoraphobia again. I don’t want to get bad again. \n\nAnd it’s not just this guy that makes me feel that way, anyone I talk to makes me feel this way. It’s just this guy is the one I want to actually get over it for.', 'Is it possible to make a significant amount of progress within a month?I\'m about to have another opportunity to do something that I skipped out on going to 3 months ago due to my agoraphobia, and unexpectedly have the opportunity to go to again in a month.\n\nWhat I\'m wondering is, is it possible to make a significant amount of progress within a month if I push myself with exposure? I know we\'re all different people in different situations, and I\'m not expecting to be "cured" within that time frame.\n\nBut is it possible to get to a place where I will actually get to enjoy myself? Is it possible to enjoy it even while I\'m suffering?', 'Realizing I might have AgoraphobiaI’ve always considered them to be crashes, because that is how they would make me feel. It was always in situations I felt like I couldn’t escape, like an important meeting at work, riding in the car with someone, or dinner with my boyfriend’s family. I get panicky. I have difficulty breathing normally. Shaky, light headed. I lose sense of everything and have. A hard time focusing on anything except my racing thoughts that I’m going to freak out and make a scene. I feel like I’m on the verge of tweaking out. My limbs will feel heavy like they don’t work anymore so I start doing weird movement and twitching just make sure I still have control. Writing becomes extremely difficult (so awful during meetings when I am trying to appear “normal.”) I have such a fear that someone is going to ask me to do something that requires fine motor skills when I have no control over my hands. I had a one on one coffee meeting with my boss the other day and I couldn’t even take a sip of my drink in front her because I was afraid that I wouldn’t be able to hold my glass. For a long time I thought the “crash” was food related. But then I realized it’s because social situations like going out to lunch with someone make me feel trapped. Having to talk, wait for the waitress/food to be ready, waiting, waiting, waiting while just wanting to run from the table. Having to keep up conversations, whether professional during a meeting or simple like joking around my boyfriend in the car feels impossible when it feels like my insides are imploding and I feel like I’m about to pass out and die. Sometimes it’s hard to form words. They come out jarbled and weird. But I keep doing it. Say anything. Smile and nod. Excuse myself to the bathroom to try to breathe and calm down. Sometimes this helps. Other times, especially if the bathroom is busy, it’s awful. I fear having no place to go to be alone. I panic thinking about how I can lie to get out the situation and get home as fast as possible. But then I remember I have to walk to the subway. Take the subway, get off. Walk to my home. It’s the process that scares me. So many steps I have to take just so I can feel safe at home. When I just want out NOW. \nFor a long time I thought it was something like blood sugar or pressure related (too scared to see a doctor to find out, lol, of course) so I just dealt with it. But then I quit my job and had a few months of peace and quiet. The attacks didn’t come when I wasn’t trapped in an office space with no privacy surrounded by people who scared me. It was like a breath of fresh air. I have always struggled with general anxiety and depression (although not diagnosed.) But then I recently started a new job. It’s gotten so bad because I am scared of my boss (she is very mean and cold) and it is a very meeting-oriented work culture. I’m constantly trapped and watched. At least at my old job there was a bathroom in the basement where I could be alone. I would hide there, sit on the ground (gross I know, but it helped!) and breathe. There is no privacy here. There are over 700 employees. Someone is always in the bathroom with me. \nI feel crazy that I didn’t realize even the possibility of agoraphobia before. I just thought it was the fear of crowds (which I don’t experience), or something more like claustrophobia. I feel like a switch has been flipped. I feel less alone. I feel hopeful that I can someday get help. \nSorry for the long post. Thanks for reading if you made it this far. It feels amazing to know I’m not alone. \n\nDoes anyone have any book/video/etc recommendations?', "what happens if you just DO IT?like, has anyone ever done that?\ni've been unable to get in a car and travel anywhere for over 3 and a half years now. \nwhat exactly would happen if i just GOT in a car and went somewhere?\ni think i would for sure have a panic attack, but how long would it last, and would it suddenly just wear off and i wouldn't be scared anymore?\ni have to travel 2-3 hours away from my home for 24 hours in august so looking for any way to get rid of this problem before then!", "Recommendations for podcasts/shows that can fulfill an itch for social interaction?Obviously I'm not going to go out or call someone ¯\\\\\\_(ツ)\\_/¯ but I have been feeling extremely lonely lately and just want to shoot the shit with someone while I do some casual work/hang around. I've had some tv shows and podcasts in the past that have made me laugh and just feel like part of the gang you know? Does anyone have any recommendations for something to listen to make me feel the good feels of belonging to a social group? I've even thought about pulling up chatroulette for some temporary human interaction. But I don't think I will because I know chatroulette is dick city lol.\n\nI know this must sound crazy, like - get a friend, geez - but this is where I'm at and if I can just mimic social interaction enough so my brain can produce some feel good things for a minute I'd be over the moon. Thanks", 'Extreme toothacheI got bad teeth due to dental fear for decades and 6 years housebound has taken his toll on my teeth am in pain several teeth especially tonight my question is how many diazipam would make me not give a f**** to be able to get around to get a covsultation and again fir another appointment I can take 4mg and feel fuzzy but panic still there', 'does anyone else here deal with suicidality? *TWi have pretty much been dealing with suicidal thoughts since the very beginning of my agoraphobia. when i first got agoraphobia and became housebound, my initial thought/feeling was like "my life is over, death is my only way out". i dealt with some suicidal thinking as a teenager but nowhere near severe as now.\n\nthese thoughts sometimes plague me less, sometimes more. but ultimately, they\'re always there and ingrained into my thinking. i dream about the topic of suicide, i even joke about it regularly and casually. no suicide attempts or plans. but i do engage in some self-harm occasionally.\n\ni just feel tremendous pain, misery, regret, hatred, despair and despondency to the core of my being. agoraphobia has taken away everything from me and all my hopes and dreams. i don\'t know if full recovery is possible but i feel like i have nothing left to put into exposure therapy anymore. i have very little fight left in me. i\'m technically alive but i feel like i died a while ago.\n\nhow do you cope with suicidality? how have you managed to keep yourself alive and keep going forward? how do you maintain hope in such a dismal situation?', 'Getting out for the first time in months-hope it goes ok...I think we are going to take a trip to the ocean. Sea air is really great for kicking your senses back into gear again. It’s supposed to be ⛅️ mostly cloudy. Wish it was going to be sunny but I am just glad to have a fun day planned. Hope you all have had some fun on your weekend. Wish me luck!', 'Guys! How do I go to the movies with my man? 😤I’m tired of being afraid and sitting in this damn house! My mom is going out with her friends today, my younger brother is going to be movies by himself. Today is just too good of a day to sit inside! How do I kick my butt to sit in a movie theater? So dark and cramped..in public..I just don’t want to live like this anymore. My therapist said she wanted me to do something this week (besides doctors visits) and that she wants to hear about it. I feel pressured in a good way? I’m not sure if I should go out knowing I have a double untreated ear infection and my tinnitus started blaring as I was typing this, so I might have vertigo today. I want to at least shower and go outside so birdwatch, start from there, you know? But how do I go do what I *really* want to do without having a panic attack?', "I have a dental abscess that needs treatment, but I'm too terrified to leave my house.I've had persistent tooth pain for nearly two months now, but I just suffered through it because doing that was easier than trying to get it fixed. My agoraphobia stems from a fear of not being in control and just thinking about having to sit in the dentist's chair, being unable to close my mouth or move or go to the bathroom... I literally break out in a cold sweat just thinking about it. But now the lymph nodes underneath my jaw are tender, it's radiating back into my ear and the pain and discomfort are constant and bad enough to cloud my mind/distract.\n\nI don't know what to do. I have people in my life, but they don't know how to help me other than just driving me there. I'm completely housebound and just going to the mailbox makes me really uncomfortable. My irrational brain is even considering taking some old antibiotics I have and crossing my fingers instead of just doing WHAT I KNOW I HAVE TO.\n\nCan anyone guide me on this? I don't...", 'What is/was your experience with medication regarding your agoraphobia? Does/Did it help you? ', 'I fucking hate this feelingI hate it when I have to drive somewhere, so I get someone to drive me. When my adhd gets ahold of me and I look out the window and see multiple people enjoying a walk through a field, forest, whatever, it fucking hurts so much. Why can’t I feel like that? Why am I so fucking scared?? How do I get rid of this??? I’ve tried to hard for years now, and I’m literally only 16. I can’t live a normal teenage childhood, and I hate it so much. I wish I could have only had a couple of years to run around with friends and be rebellious, but instead I’m stuck inside and having panic attacks when someone on the TV is too outside. \n\nDoes it get better?', "Employment\n\nIf any of you work outside the house, how do you manage your anxiety?\n\nI'm trying to find work (as a junior front-end web developer) and I'm already worried. \n\nWhen I go out of my home (infrequently) I can't stay out very long because of the issues. I don't know how I'd cope during an 8 hour or so workday.", "Question: does having someone accompany you make going out any easier?For example: if you had a buddy who would accompany you while you're out grocery shopping, does that / would that put you more at ease, as opposed to going out alone?", 'Déréalisation is one of the worst parts of my AgoraphobiaAbout a decade ago I drove through the night for 8 hours to another state. Today I can only walk about half a block from my apartment. I can handle the pounding heart and trembling hands during a panic attack, but the psychological symptoms make me feel like I’m going insane. Like something is going to happen (not sure what). Like my external environment will just start melting around me. The déréalisation and dizziness when I step outside is all consuming. Perhaps because I’ve been indoors for so long. Can anyone relate?', 'This line of ‘Roxanne’ hits different when you’re Agoraphobic ', 'Here’s a photo from earlier when I tried to drive 30 seconds down the road. (I turned around it was too much). Keep in mind my resting rate is in the 50’s! Went up to 132 within seconds ', 'Went outside into my backyard to bird watch, why am I so scared? I feel like a mental patient.Agoraphobia sucks, I can’t even feel safe in my own backyard. It’s a beautiful day so I did actually go outside for half an hour, but there’s this uncomfortable feeling that makes me not able to enjoy anything I once did. It’s so upsetting, as a child I’d play in the dirt, collect rocks, medal detect, anything in my yard, not a care in the world. I used to go hiking on the other side of the planet. Now I feel almost dead when I go out to enjoy sunshine for the first time on my own will in my own yard. I’m only 20. I guess this shows I want to change because I made that effort all on my own. I should feel happy right now, instead I’m a little depressed and still scared. Disappointed in myself. I want to go walking like I used to, how the hell will I do that now? How do I overcome these feelings so I can enjoy what I’m doing? I want this nonsense to stop, I feel like I’ve been in a mental institution and I’m scared of the world now.', "Does this sound like agoraphobia?TW for harassment\n\nI've lived in Paris for 6 months now, and due to experiences of living there have become fearful of leaving the house.\n\nParis has a major problem with men; harassment on the street is common, including catcalling, stalking and not letting you leave until they get a phone number. As a young woman, I have been followed many times. \n\nOver the past few weeks it seems to be getting worse. Every time I leave the house it is GUARANTEED that at least two or three men will come up and pester me. (no, I don't wear makeup and try to look my worst when out in public). In the supermarket, walking down the street, even people in positions of trust like waiters (one recently got my number and proceeded to call me 11 times in an hour before I blocked him).\n\nAnyway, its making me feel both disgusted and terrified. I'm not a sex object, I want to be able to go about my life normally without constantly being harassed, but now it's hard for me to go out because I don't feel safe in public. Nothing bad will happen and I carry an alarm, but it's them coming up to me, a socially awkward person, in the first place which triggers panic.\n\nI don't go to my lessons anymore, and before this afternoon hadn't left the house for a week and a half. I had a panic attack when leaving before. Is this the start of agoraphobia?\n\nAny advice would be appreciated (but please no advice on deterring the men, I'm doing all I can and it's not my fault half of Parisian men are sex-obsessed creeps).", 'proud of myselfso i ended up having to be admitted into hospital today. i had severe chest pains (still do). whenever i have heath issues it brings on immense anxiety. \n\nmy brother came with me as i can’t leave the house by myself. even with others, i still have anxiety but it’s a lot better when accompanied. the whole time there i was panicking, both from being there and also health anxiety. \n\neventually visiting time ended and my brother had to leave, but i wasn’t allowed to go yet as all the tests hadn’t been done yet. it didn’t help i hadn’t been told what was going on fully :( i had a panic attack and couldn’t stop crying. \n\ni was left in a ward with other people. i then had to go down for an x-ray with a stranger. i had to have bloods and talk to doctors by myself. i almost had to stay overnight but thankfully i got discharged with musculoskeletal chest pain. i then had to navigate out the hospital myself, and order a taxi home and ride in it. everything about it was unpredictable and i had no idea what was going on or what was gonna happen next. \n\nas much as i hated the entire experience... i still did it. i almost left when my brother did, but i stayed, i got through it, i did it. i’m pretty proud of myself.', 'How do you go about doing exposure therapy?I know this is the best way for me to get better. I’m taking medication and although that helps keep me stable I’m unable to leave my safe zone. What do I do to start? What steps do I need to take to be successful?', 'How do you deal with having to go places if you can’t be in the car with someone else?I have this strange thing about my anxiety where I can’t have someone in my car, and I can’t have someone drive me. I have no idea what it’s rooted in or why it started. One of the most common pieces of advice I read is to have someone you love go with you, but this doesn’t apply to me. I’ve been isolating myself in many different ways, and I guess this is just another one of them. I just want to be normal so bad. It’s easier (or at least, more comfortable) for me to try and do things on my own. Maybe it’s because that way I can’t let anyone down or freak anyone out and see their reaction if I get anxious.', 'Don’t know what to doDoes anyone else feel like they’re stuck in a constant state of panic? Where maybe you get through one really tough thing and then it seems like something else is always there after to tear you back down?\n\nI’ve gotten a lot worse this year and I feel like the biggest struggle for me is self-confidence and self-esteem. My depression has made it so that even when I do accomplish things, I don’t feel a sense of pride anymore. So idk how to have the drive to get through this anxiety when it feels like getting through it isn’t making it better.\n\nIdk if that makes any sense but I’m losing my mind and any advice is welcome ❤️', "I still don't know how to drive....I'm 19 F. Although I'm still pretty young, I haven't bothered to learn how to drive. I've convinced myself that there is no need for me to get my license considering I live with my parents and I know at this rate I might just never end up learning to drive. I'm terrified of even being on the highway on a normal day, can't even imagine being the one that has to drive on the highway.", "Things are looking upThese past 24 hours have been promising. \n\nI recently moved to a new house and the first 24 hours were really hard. I had some low lows and panic attacks, and I spent a lot of time laying on the couch and peeking out the window. \n\nHowever, these past 24 hours have been promising. Yesterday in the later afternoon I pushed myself to meet my daily goal of going on a walk once a day. I have been gaining a lot of weight in the past 6 months, so I am hoping this will help. Anyway, I went on a 5 minute walk w/ my husband and then rushed back to my house. Then, about an hour later, I decided to try again and went on a 10 minute walk. This morning, we walked all the way to the 2nd further bus stop to get to my therapy appointment! I felt really proud and accomplished to get some exercise out in the sunshine. And the neighborhood, from what I saw during those few minutes, is actually quite nice.\n\nMy second celebration in these past 24 hours was that I had a promising therapy appt. This therapist is new and I am only on session 3, but I think it might actually help me. After leaving, I felt really positive, which is something I often don't feel after therapy. She gave me homework for the week and I am excited to meet some of my mini goals. Is recovery possible? I feel that it may be... but maybe that is because I have had a good past 24 hours?!", "Coping mechanisms to get through panic attacks?I have agoraphobia and it's very difficult for me to leave the house. I know logically I'm not in danger,  but my mind becomes flooded with anxiety and I start to panic. I become very nauseous and dizzy. I cant breathe,my heart beats out of my chest, my lungs burn and I start shaking violently. I cant concentrate and my thoughts start spinning. The only thing that helps is wrapping myself in a weighted blanket.This works well at home, but obviously, I cant carry one around everywhere so I dont know how to cope. I know there are grounding techniques, but they never work. Do I just have to practice them more? Is there anything I can do to help myself get through outings?", 'Everyone in the world now knows that agoraphobia feels like.Never thought the day would come', "Do any of you have other mental health complexities in addition to Agoraphobia?I'm absolutely new to the term agoraphobia. All the while I just thought what I have is social anxiety, but after further digging, research and insightful psychotherapy sessions, I realized that I had hidden multiple disorders in which the effects snowballed from childhood. They were only triggered after an especially traunatic event.\n\nSo far, I've learnt that there is a high chance that I might have PTSD, AvPD, GAD, Social Anxiety and bordering on being agoraphobic (although the need for social interaction doesnt affect me much, i pretty much crave the opposite). \n\nJust curious as to how many of you have multiple mental health issues/personality disorders, and are the people around you supportive/understanding in the very least?", 'Am I agoraphobic?Back when I was only 12,( I’m 17 now) , I had this feeling of constantly being watched when I’m alone and for this reason I was afraid to stay at home without anyone being around me. \nIt took a long time for me to recover and I never really told anyone about it but then something worse happened. Now I wanted to be alone but I just couldn’t step outside my home except for school. Every time I was at a public place or simply anywhere that wasn’t my room, I would sense fear. I did have a lot of panic attacks and fainted several times. Every time I saw people outside I felt like I wanted to cover my face and hide. It felt like I’m about get attacked or something. I shivered. I didn’t know what agoraphobia was back then. My parents noticed and pressured me to go outside more but stopped as soon as I fainted for the first time. It was horrible I couldn’t do anything. I couldn’t even walk down the streets beside my house. It just felt very uncomfortable and unsafe. This lasted for almost 3 years and then after a long time I decided to step outside again and everything was fine. I no longer panicked and could easily go anywhere I wanted to.\n\nHowever, slowly I felt like my sense of fear is coming back. Now, I’m trapped inside my house again. I can’t go outside anymore. Even when I do, I end up covering and face with a hoodie and try to hide and go home as soon as possible. Seeing people outside just scares me. I’m scared, of everything.\nI’m glad I found this sub, and I wanted to know if I’m actually agoraphobic? Anyone else here who feels the same way?', 'Precipitating incident at the storeI have only left my house twice in the past year. It all started when I was paying for some snacks at the store that I was picking up for my gf who just had surgery. \n\nI always struggled with these kinds of basic interactions and to ease the tension I felt, I told the clerk that my gf just had an operation. The guy behind me sneered and said something like “yeah right, what did she get, a bong hit transplant?”. I was already so fragile at that point I couldn’t take it. Whenever I try to challenge myself to go somewhere I always think of that guy with his big coat and fancy haircut and I’m afraid I’ll be subject to that kind of abuse again.', 'A simple guide to begin working from homeHello everyone. I am not agoraphobic, but was recommended here by a member that is. They believed that my work online guide could be beneficial for some of you, so I wanted to reach out and post it. I apologize in advance for any methods that include in person testing as this is mainly a copy paste from the other post. I am happy to answer any questions or give a hand where needed. Hope you all enjoy.\n\nBefore the main post, I am including the best deals or opportunities that I have found online recently. This will be updated as often as old deals die or I find something newer and better. \n\n----\nTop deals for March 2020\n----\n\n----\n \n[Swagbucks $15-$35 Hulu deal](https://www.swagbucks.com/p/register?rb=50837036)\n\nRight now SB has another deal where you get credits to sign up to Hulu with the $5.99 plan. It may only be $20 or it may be $35 when you check as they seem to change it day to day. Since this deal has new terms, the credits might be paid out immediately or after 32 days. The credits can be used for Amazon GC or PayPal credit (both take a few days to get processed). Not only that, but you can get a $25 Amazon GC for $22 worth of points, so you can make even more. You can cancel the subscription after 8 days, but no sooner so you don\'t lose the points. So, five minutes of work for the equivalent of $16-$29 and a free month of Hulu.\n\n[$25-$50 from SoFi for opening an account and depositing $100](https://www.sofi.com/share/money/2641744/)\n\nThis one will require you to have $100 that you can do without for a few days. SoFi Money is a savings account, fee-free, 2% APY annual; so typical bank account. This deal will require you to use your SSN, link a bank account, and do a soft pull with Experian to complete. You just need to create a SoFi Money account through the link, deposit $100 to the account, and wait for a few days. This is different than most bank account bonuses because it doesn\'t need direct deposit, just a regular $100 deposit. After the deposit clears (1-2 business days), SoFi will instantly give you $50 bonus. After you get the $50 bonus you can pull out all $150 and close the account or keep using it.\n\n[Another $100 from SoFi but for stocks](https://www.sofi.com/share/invest/2641744/)\n\nAfter you get the $25 sign up bonus from SoFi Money, flip it through this link and fund the invest account with $1,000. Since I (and you now) already had an account, it literally took under 5 minutes to set up and fund the account. Either way you do it, SoFi will give you an additional $50 in free stock of your choice. Keep it and hope it grows, or sell it for the quick $50 profit. \n\n[$50 from Chime for opening an account and depositing $200](https://chime.com/r/roberthurst8)\n\nPretty much the same exact set up as SoFi. This one will require you to have $200 that you can do without for a few days. You just need to create the Chime account through the link, deposit $200 to the account, and wait for a few days. It says direct deposit only, but this tested and worded with just connecting a bank account and doing the deposit. After the deposit clears (1-2 business days), Chime will instantly give you $50 bonus. After you get the $50 bonus you have to wait until your new debit card arrives and is activated before you can move the money out.\n\n[$50 from eToro](https://etoro.tw/31a5o9b)\n\nThis is a crypto trading account. The same deal as the other ones. Fund the account using the ref link and get $50. The wait time on this one is usually around 7 business days.\n\n[$10-$120 in crypto for watching videos and answering quiz questions](https://coinbase.com/earn/oxt/invite/cfspw3b9)\n\nPretty much just watch and answer videos for varying types of crypto. The crypto you earn will get deposited into the wallet you create, which can then be cashed out into USD. Depending on the day, you can earn up to $120 if all free tokens are available.\n\n[$10-$40 for signing up with OhmConnect](https://ohm.co/7secondman)\n\nA great website if you have one of a few utility companies in California, Texas, or Toronto. OhmConnect supports PGE, SCE, SDGE, Smart Meter Texas, and Toronto Hydro. You essentially just connect your utility account, and earn points. You earn $10 after signing up and getting to a status level of Silver (took me like 10 minutes). $10 more if you connect a smart device like NEST. \n\n----\n\n*The following are ref links that I am putting in for a random Redditor or two, just to spread goodwill and try to give back to all of you. I get nothing from these and will be doing this for one or two random people every month. PM me if you want your ref link featured here. The Redditor for February is u/SirRaygun* \n\n[Sign up with Qapital and deposit $1 to earn $20](https://get.qapital.com/y2bsNIAXH0) \n\nQapital is an app that wants its users to save money to prevent themselves from getting in bad financial troubles. There is a subscription cost, like 3 or 5 bucks, but if you do it quick enough, they won\'t bill you if you cancel the account.\n\nAll you have to do is link your checking account, and deposit a dollar into a goal to save for something. After a few business days, the $20 will be given to you which can be withdrawn to your bank account with that initial dollar. Close the account immediately after the withdraw.\n\n----\n\nOk. Back to the main post content.\n----\n\nHey everyone. This is an all-inclusive write-up compiling all of my past posts on how I am making upwards of $1,000 a month through the use of beermoney sites. Beermoney is, according to Urban Dictionary, "Extra money for non-essential payments, available for spending on luxuries, hobbies, or a fresh pint of your favorite draft." I use this definition, because this is (in most cases) not intended to be a primary source of income. This is a way to supplement what you already have. There is no way to know what you will make any given month, so do not count on it. My worst month I only made around $500 and my best I made over $2,000. You can also check out my post on [using apps to save money and earn cash back](https://www.reddit.com/user/SuperSecretSpare/comments/au5am7/saving_money_online_in_2019/).\n\nAs I have stated in my other posts, this is not a definitive list of everything a person can do online by any means and refs are included. Do your own research on the subs I list, use Google, ask other people, and find what works for you. What I talk about works well for me, my family, and my schedule. Below I will include time requirements to make this money, provide a quick recap of the revenue streams that I have found to work, and provide payment proof for what I can. \n\nI personally invest anywhere from 20 to 30 hours a week doing these sites, on top of my day job. Some days I will make $20 all day, and others I will make over $200. I prefer this, as opposed to a second job, because I can pay partial attention to a laptop and \'clock-out\' when I want to focus on family or Netflix. This works better for my temperament and preferences. \n\n----\n\nTech required: A working laptop, a cellphone (in some cases), an internet connection, and a fairly good amount of patience to learn. If you are in a position where these tools are not available, you can also do many of these from a library. \n\n----\n\nI put all of this info into an e-book, plus a TON of other stuff that was either written by me, or compiled from others (with their permission). [Here](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07W795PBP) is a link to it. If you tried even half of the stuff in the book, you would make your money back in less than a day. \n\n----\n\nThe dollar amounts next to each site are what I made in 2018.  Anyway, on to the revenue streams: \n\n----\n\n**[Respondent.io](https://app.respondent.io/r/brunihurst-171379f42e11)** ([$4,300](https://imgur.com/a/oSpkC5o)): Studies - Most countries - This site allows users to screen for online or in-person surveys, interviews, and focus groups. The pay is amazing, easily averaging $125 per test. You take the qualification survey and if you score 100% on it you have about a 10% chance to get invited to take the survey by the coordinator. The site as a whole pays extremely well, but you have to fill out quite a bit of the qualification questionnaires to be invited to anything. I have personally filled out over 500 of them and have participated in about 40 actual surveys. It\'s more of a numbers game than anything else. Thankfully, each screener only takes me a few minutes to fill out and the pay for time invested is definitely worth it. I have made up to $300 with one hour of work doing an in person focus group. Most focus groups are done through webcam, so you don\'t even have to leave your house. They payout via PayPal 7 days after the activity is complete. \n\n----\n\n**[SwagBucks](https://www.swagbucks.com/p/register?rb=50837036)** ([$775](https://imgur.com/a/kwwoLyS)) Surveys – Majority of countries– This is more of a catch-all for stuff to do when you want to make and save money. You can do surveys, play games, and watch videos to earn points. You can also get cash back from using SB to visit and buy from different stores. You get paid in points which can be used to purchase gift cards or sent directly to PayPal. Each point is the equivalent of $0.01. Usually, SB will have deals where you can get certain gift cards for less. For example, a $20 Amazon gift card for 1800 SB points. The payout can be slow, but if you don’t mind running ads in the background, using a plug-in to save money while you shop, or killing time playing a game, SwagBucks can be a great way to earn $20 a month.\n\n----\n\n**[Mturk](https://www.mturk.com)** ([$3,142](https://imgur.com/a/AhWXpuw)): Small tasks and surveys - US mainly. Confirmed also in Canada, Europe, &amp; Aus. - This is by far the one I spent the most time on and has been the best earner. This site lets humans perform small tasks that robots still cannot do well. It is owned by Amazon. Downside is there are slim pickings on weekends and when colleges are out on vacation. I typically stick to surveys, but once in a while do batch jobs which there are more of. You have to wait a week for your first payout, which will go to an Amazon payment account. You can the get payouts one time per day after that. Approval for mturk can sometimes be a pain in the ass, almost impossible if you are not from the US, but is definitely worth it in my opinion if you can get approved.\n\n----\n\n**[Secret shopper US](https://app.survey.com/account/merch?referral_code=roberthW77D)** and **[Secret shopper UK](https://uk.marketforceshopper.com/register)** ([$485](https://imgur.com/HfQ7PZw)): In-person store evaluation - US and UK only - These links will take you directly to a sign-up page. US version populates with my ref code. Feel free to delete it before signing up, if you want. You will be taken to the app store where you can download the actual app on your phone. Essentially, you go to stores near you that are identified in the app and take pictures or videos of specific items. I like this one because I have the ability to make a few extra bucks if I am already out shopping. The pay for this one averages about $15/hr. Note: I have not tried the UK version, but it was recommended by another Redditor. \n\n----\n\n**[Usertesting](https://www.usertesting.com)** ([$800](https://imgur.com/a/ab5ptaN)): Website evaluation - US &amp; maybe select others - This site allows you to review new websites and apps. The pay is usually $10 per recorded test lasting 10-15 minutes. Sometimes the pay is more, but never less. I average a few tests a week. Some weeks I will get a dozen tests, other weeks nothing. This one is great to practice your feedback skills, which open up a lot of other doors. Pay is through PayPal, one week (to the minute) after the test is complete. \n\n----\n\n**[Redbubble](https://www.redbubble.com/people/7secondman)** ([$305](https://imgur.com/wobuyuz)) [25% off ref code for first order over $40](https://www.talkable.com/x/VznBIO): T-shirt creation - Worldwide - After getting rejected by merch by Amazon, I came here. You design and publish t-shirts, phone cases, and about 20 other mixed products, with each sell netting you a few bucks. They are based in Australia, and do pay-outs once a month on the 15th via PayPal. You do all of the uploading and just wait for people to find it with keywords or searches. Great if you are artistic or know how to use any creative software. \n\n----\n\n**[Prolific.ac](https://www.prolific.ac)** ([$3,500](https://imgur.com/a/V8GXSTt)): Based in the UK, this used to be one of my favorites because they pay in Great British Pound (GBP) which is the equivalent to 1.25x the USD. Prolific is similar to Mturk (listed earlier) in that all you do is fill out surveys. Pay is better than Mturk, but the availability of surveys is not as great. In fact, I personally haven\'t seen a survey in months, but see others get them often. The initial questionnaire you have to fill out is a bit long taking me about 20 minutes, but ensures you qualify for every survey they show you and will never get disqualified for not meeting the demographic. You have to hit £5 before you can cash out, but you get this after a few days of watching for surveys. Leave it open in a tab and check it throughout the day. I wish I could do this one all day because the pay rocks, but I only see a few a day. They pay out in PayPal anytime you request it and have a balance of over £5. \n\n----\n\n**[Ebay](https://www.ebay.com)** ([$190](https://imgur.com/a/SVhmvu5)): Selling goods - Worldwide - Not much explanation needed here. You buy stuff in-person low, and sell online high. [Here](https://www.amazon.com/eBay-Beginner-money-knowledge-inventory-ebook/dp/B07HT4Y9J6/ref=sr_1_15?keywords=ebay+for+beginners&amp;qid=1553285100&amp;s=gateway&amp;sr=8-15) is a $2.99 beginner\'s guide dedicated to flipping that covers absolutely everything you need to know (also mine).\n\n----\n\n**[PlaytestCloud](https://www.playtestcloud.com/signup)** ($190): Video game testing - Many countries - This is just simple game testing. It is super fun, very quick, and you get to test new games before anyone else. They send you tests for different listed devices, you download the game file, and they record your screen and voice. The only issue I have with this one is that you are only able to test 3-4 games per month, at $9-$11 each. Paid almost immediately after each test via PayPal.\n\n----\n\n**[UsabilityHub](https://www.usabilityhub.com)** ([$15](https://imgur.com/a/U4FhJIQ)): App testing - Many countries - This one lets the user take quick one or two minute surveys on your opinion of an app screen. They pay for this averages to about $.10 a minute, so it is nothing spectacular. Just leave it open in another tab and take a quick survey when you hear a new one come available. \n\n----\n\n**[UserInterviews](https://www.userinterviews.com)** ($50): Studies - US &amp; maybe select others - Similar to Respondent, but with less approval when filling out the demographics for each study.\n\n----\n\n**Product Testing** ($1,500): Mainly US &amp; some UK/CA - There are places online that will pay you to leave positive/negative reviews for companies or purchase products. This is actually a big business model in China and other S.E.A. countries. Personally, I already know that Amazon reviews, Yelp, BBB, and everything in the middle are at least half fake reviews; so I may as well monetize on it. If this is something that sounds interesting, [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/u_SuperSecretSpare/comments/cfoud7/manufactured_reviews/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link) is more info. \n\n----\n\n**Reddit subs**($2,300): It is super simple to use Reddit as more than a social media tool or news website. Knowing the right subs to subscribe to, and what to look for, can help you make a few extra hundred bucks  a month. There are a ton that you can find small or medium jobs on, but I am only going to outline the top four that have worked for me.\n\n----\n\n/r/slavelabour: This sub is normally dedicated to doing cheap jobs for people, at cheap rates. I have both had things done for me here, as well as completed a lot of tasks. It may seem daunting at first, with people offering $2 to write an essay (seriously though.. no homework here), but there are gems to be found. Two of my best jobs have been creating meal plans for $60, and [finding the name of a book for $80](https://www.reddit.com/r/slavelabour/comments/92k4n0/task_find_one_of_my_favourite_books_80/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link).\n\n----\n\n/r/WOIncomeReports: A gold mine of information on different websites to check out, gift card survey opportunities, and other generally helpful tips. I have never made money directly from there, but have gotten tools that have helped make at least a thousand over the last year. This section used to be for the original Work Online sub, but that has deteriorated. \n\n----\n\n/r/signupsforpay: Since slave labour does not allow paying people to sign up for websites, this is where to go to make a few bucks with signups. From connecting your gas and electric information, to signing up with Acorns, I have probably made a grand total of $100 here. Nothing overly special, but $100 is $100.  \n\n----\n\n/r/giftcardexchange: This is one of my favorites, because you can buy and sell all of those gift cards you have/want. Have a $20 gift card from a family member that you will never use? Sell it here for 80-90%. Want to buy Amazon gift cards for less than face value? Get \'em here. I do a lot of buying on Amazon, so this sub has easily saved me hundreds over the course of using it. Caution: Trade carefully. \n\n----\n\nI know this is a lot of info, but I hope it helps!', 'There’s hope and I found my placeI feel like this year has been full of an emotional rollercoaster. I’ve been really emotional and more depressed. But every since I started my Ig recovery journey, I’ve been consistent. I entered month 3 and I’ve still been going to the gym. Something that is scary. I’ve had setbacks like fevers and depersonalization (where when I get sick I start feeling not like myself and the world outside looks like it’s on fire and the world is ending and it truly convinces me the world is a scary page). I realized I’ve been eating like shit and it reflects on my anxiety. It all caught up to me and instead of having setbacks, I’ve been pushing to stay where I’m at. I’ve been driving a lot more. Maybe not too much but boy have I’ve driven more this month than I have in the last 6. It’s amazing being able to wake up, share my thoughts/opinions, encouraging others to do so. I really think this was my thing. I really want people to push. There IS hope. Don’t be comfortable where you are at. Keep pushing. Really do this for yourself. And before anyone attacks me, it’s hard, it takes time but the first step is to want to get better that you agree to be comfortable with feeling uncomfortable. Any baby steps count. I’ve had a trial an error, depression, suicidal thoughts, depersonalization, etc etc etc. And I want people to recover and not feel alone. As long as we live we deserve to make this life the best we can for ourselves. No matter how, do what you can to be happy. It’s so hard but it IS possible. Hopefully I recover and I get to show along the way to people that recovery isn’t a straight line. Sometimes I accomplish 18277282 things and it doesn’t even feel so good tbh. But don’t let that make you lose focus bc I didn’t realize those were the things that are keeping me here. Consistent. Doing better things and progressing. It won’t feel  like it at first because we’re so caught up on our agoraphobia. \nKeep fighting. If you guys need any helps, any tips don’t hesitate to message me. \nAlthough if you are very sensitive I cannot coddle you. I want to make people understand that it isn’t an easy job and although we are ALL brave for waking up and fighting our demons everyday, this change requires so much more. I want you guys to believe in yourselves as I have now. \nAlso pls don’t be negative towards this post. This truth is uncomfortable but the happiness we achieve after is worth it. It doesn’t hurt to try. :) \nThank you guys for all the support always.', 'Agoraphobia Adventures | Exposure Vlog ', "Anyone have any luck with ssdi for agoraphobia?It's been over three years since I was last able to try to work I'm in my late 30s and had to move back in with my parents which doesn't help with the anxiety at all. I applied for ssdi and was denied a lawyer took my case to appeal the decision he feels I have somewhat of a chance of being awarded my benefits due to my mental health history of agoraphobia, panic disorder and ocd. I go before the judge in May and I'm extremely anxious about it. I'm just wandering if any of you have experienced anything similar with ssdi, ssi, or disability benefits", 'schoolhi everyone so I need some advice \n\nI’ve struggled with GAD since early 2016, got put on prozac In middle 2016, I “recovered” and felt great again, psychiatrist was tapering me off 20mg, got off in summer 2017 , met a girl and we started dated everything was great, around November 2017 I started having existential thoughts, and then my dumb ass went searching on google and found out about solipsism and it fucked my life up, for a while, anyways I thought no one was real and questioned my existence heavily, I ended up getting back on meds in February 2018, got really sick with the flu and I had a panic attack at a special occasion with my girlfriend at the time, she got pissed, said she would’ve never had dated me if she knew I had anxiety, broke up with her, felt a lot better on the pills , got back together a month later, got off the pills in January 2019, broke up with her cause stuff wasn’t working out in February 2019,  felt fine, met another girl I liked a lot , we talked never dated cause I was just being a fuckboy, months go by I get really sick in august 2019 like the flu I had, have worst panic attack, then for some reason I cant go to school, or anywhere in general without being with someone I know a close friend or something, I don’t know if it’s agoraphobia, but I haven’t gone to school since august, I started taking prozac again and it helped a little but then the girl I met killed her self in October, put me into depression, changed from prozac to zoloft, I don’t really feel anything, I feel stuck like I can’t do anything about how I feel, has anyone felt like this? I fear that ima have a depersonalization or derealization episode at school or work and having someone I know there is sort of my fallback and that’s what’s preventing me from going to school and I’m aware that’s not normal I shouldn’t be fearing a panic attack, I guess I just wanna know if anyone has ever had fear of having a panic attack so they’re agoraphobic? I’m gonna talk to this about my therapist soon and probably switch back to prozac', "Exposure therapy may have exposed me to COVID-19The ONE WEEK when I am consistent about my exposure therapy and hanging out with people and what do I get? 2 weeks self isolation because there are 2 cases on my block and someone I hung out with is sick (has not tested positive yet).\n\nLike, wtf universe. Give me a break, I'm trying to make progress here.", "Haven't left the house in 2 1/2 years. I'm 36 (m) and living with parents. So regretful and ashamed. Considering suicide.Haven't left the house in 2 1/2 years. I'm 36 (m) and living with parents. So regretful and ashamed. Considering suicide . \n\nI also spent a year and a half in this same situation 6 years ago and was so effected by it that even after I left I never got over it. I told myself I'd never do it again and here I am twice as long and twice as bad. I can't believe I've thrown my life away like this. I have spent many many years in my early twenties in a similar position too but the depression and derealization has gotten worse. My only way to deal with it was to shut down and suddenly it's 2 1/2 years later. I barely have any recollection of the time gone by. The anxiety and sheer agony of the wasted time is literally killing me. Ive thrown away my youth. I have no education, no career, no relationships and no prospects. Also no hope. I can't see the point in continuing to live although the thought of what it would do to my parents is so agonising it makes it even harder to live with. I also can't stop thinking how I'm ruining their lives and I'm desperate for them to have a better life too. I can't stop thinking about them dying and how I've ruined their lives. I won't be able to cope mentally when they go. I need help desperately.", 'MelzapHas anyone been prescribed melzap md for panic attack does it work and whats your experience as my doctor as prescribed me this medicine aap last resort in case of a panic attack', "Agoraphobic's Guilty Pleasure? My therapist cancelling our in-office session because of the Coronavirus :]It's my only exposure to the outside world going into that office.\n\nI know it's good for me to go to the office.\n \nHowever, I will admit that I sighed audibly in emotional relief. Between being agoraphobic and having OCD, exposure was going to be incredibly challenging and panic-inducing tomorrow.\n\nUnfortunately, logically and realistically I know this is not necessarily best for me in the long run and the lack of exposure will just compound until my doctor and I do meet again in person.\n\nIt's... _complicated._\n\nHence: Guilty Pleasure!\n\n[I promise, I am laughing.]", "Spent my life afraidBeing outside for me is worse than, \n\nWhen I was raped\nWhen I died\nWhen my dad left\nWhen my best friend beat me up cause the big boys thought it would be funny\n\nBeing outside is terrifying and painful. I'm scared and alone. \n\nI wonder what it must be like to feel safe out here. To walk around with no fear, no worries.\n\nI've tried many things to make it better. I'm being forced into a exposure now. Walking my daughter to school alone. Something I've never done. And she's 9. I only recently started going out side alone again. The nightmares and anxiety are out of control.\n\nI really wish there was a magic way to make it all go away. Or just anything. I just want a new life.\n\nI want to be someone else.\n\nI want to feel safe", 'Facts About Coronavirus ', 'Today is the day.I have to travel one hour or more to a hospital to get my ears fixed after months of struggling with untreated infections. Leaving them untreated longer is just straight torture as I have tinnitus and burning in both ears. This needs to be fixed so I don’t suffer permanent hearing loss. The corona virus is now in our hospitals as of yesterday, and I’m already not on my A game. I am panicking. I’m also an insomniac and only got three hours of sleep so far. How the hell am I going to survive over an hour in the car with motion sickness and an anxiety disorder? My pills are also incompatible which means I can either rid my anxiety or my vertigo. I’m just thinking back a few years to high school. I traveled to Canada by bus, to Russia, Turkey, Italy, to several states. I went to Florida this summer by car. I had dreams of living in NYC because I loved the busy life. Now I have agoraphobia and am scared to even step outside in my backyard. I’m jobless, out of college, no license. Who am I anymore? How is this the same person?', 'Has anyone else colapsed while someone is trying to make them leaveIt started a couple years ago my jr year of highschool i was pumped af to go to school i finished my project that i wad making up it was great. I got ready and approched the door as soon as my mom said ok lets go and i touched the handle my legs gave out beneath me, i couldent breath, i threw up, terror replaced all the excitment. This led down hill after a few months to my first suisidal ideations and hospital visit. I still get it sometimes when i try to go to doctors appointments and such. Places that do walkins like my optomitrist are alot better for me because i can go on good days. Dose anybody have any ideas on whar i can do i realy need to go to the doctors i might have sleep apnea. Idk what to do.', 'My mom shitting on my agoraphobia, and my plan for the future.i’m 17/f, about 5 months away from turning 18. i got my GED and drivers license... then i just plummeted into isolation. my first diagnoses is Agoraphia, next is BP II, PTSD, GAD, and MDD. i’m on 4 medications but they don’t seem to helo. seeing people on here happy about leaving after being inside for months or even years breaks my heart... my mom always ridicules me for not getting a job yet or going to college yet. that all i do is sit here all day. my therapist recommended she stop getting my food (i don’t eat animal products) and stop paying for my snakes food so i would have to go out my myself to get them. I ordered some frozen rats online with the rest of my christmas money... she flipped out. she said i was avoiding the issue, and was really upset at me. i said at least i figured out a way to get my snake some food without having to destroy myself in a battle with my mind. i keep trying to tell her it’s not me not wanting to get a job, it’s not me being lazy, and it’s not leeching off her money (her words) it’s a literal diagnosis! she has bipolar I, she should understand. “well i wasn’t living with my parents when i was 17”, “your friend goes to school, your friend has a job, i went to school, i had a job” \n\nshe just tears me down time after time. i think a part of this is not wanting to give her the credit if i move forward. if i get a job, she’s gonna think she’s such a wonderful mother for supporting her kid. fuck that. she doesn’t deserve any kind of credit, all she’s done is make me feel like even more of a worthless piece of shit than i already have my whole damn life. \n\nshe’s said things like she’s gonna donate all the money she saved for me to a charity, she’s gonna kick me out because maybe it’ll give me a wake up call, i should just move out because she dosent need people like me in her life. \n\ni don’t have anywhere to go, my father is severely mentally ill, leeches of his partners tiny amount of money on some kind of buffalo farm, and has been abusive to my brother. (my dad left my family when i was a few days old.) my aunt is disabled and incredibly poor she can barely take care of herself. i’ve lived with mom all my life, i can handle a little more can’t i?\n\ni’m planning to becoming a cam girl when i’m 18 to make money. i’ve grown up in a very sexual environment. when i was 11 to about 13 i would show off my body to strangers on omegle... who knows what they did with the footage. even though that was before i was agoraphobic. something about it dosent trigger me, maybe it’s because i can stay in my safe place, and because i have no sense of sexual shame. i wanted to move in with my friend when she goes to college, but her mom hates me and said she wouldn’t support her if we lived together. i think if i was out of my moms house it would help me open up. i’m scared to go into the living room because of her outbursts, let alone the outside world. i want her out of my life, but i can’t do it unless i have the money to get out of her life.\n\ni’m just not sure where to go or what to do with my life.', 'My mom shitting on my agoraphobia, and my plan for the future. ', "Any agoraphobic people like me want to chat?Hey i'm looking for others like me who haven't left the house in a very long time. We could chat about our backstories? Idk really, people like me wouldn't have a lot to talk about other than my story but hey learning other peoples background is still interesting right?", 'Bad teeth dentist sedationTerrified enough going out but I gotta get my teeth fixed but because of my anxiety I have lot of fears of what will happen after I come back home from sedation will I feel like am dying all day and the next day scared on how this stuff will effect me.', "Do you ever lose your wallet?I want to take out my trash. \n\nBut I can't find my wallet.\n\nThen I wonder, well what if it's in the trash?\n\nI've torn apart my place, I'm not looking forward to getting the latex gloves out and sorting through garbage.\n\nI honestly don't remember the last time I needed it or used it.\n\nAt least I found my keys.", 'Using google street view before going somewhere is so helpful!I\'ve been using street view lately to "go" somewhere before I actually have to go and it is helping me tremendously (i.e. from the train station to the new location). I\'ve had to go apartment hunting and interviewing for a new job all at once lately and this was something that made all the stress more bearable and getting to the new spots much easier! I recommend highly :)', "KarmaSo I was doing well with exposure therapy for a month or so, but I got stuck at a red light and had a panic attack and stuck myself inside for another month or so.\n\nI finally decided to start over and get outside today, I walked out to my car, and found a 20$ bill mixed in the leaves next to my cars tire.\n\nI guess that's my reward for making it out today.\n\nI found this funny.", 'Anyone else all of a sudden having the urge to leave the home?I\'m housebound for 4 years now and all what\'s going on with the Coronavirus right now I somehow have the urge to go out and even seek therapy, but now I feel more trapped at home because I "should" better avoid going out due to the Coronavirus. \n\nIt\'s stupid but I think the brain sometimes works like that. That if you are not "allowed" to do something, you have the urge to do it.', 'Virtual reality for social anxiety ', 'An insight into your agoraphobiaI’m considering making a YouTube channel to discuss agoraphobia and my life dealing with it, and I wanted to get an insight into how it effects other peoples lives too, so I made a short and anonymous survey. If anyone would be willing to answer the questions I’d be very grateful! \n\n\nhttps://www.surveymonkey.com/r/KMC2F8Q', "Anyone else with suspected or confirmed coronavirus?I might have been infected and it's tough but it could have been worse. How do you cope?\n\nBit of background:  I was doing great these last years, regaining a bit of confidence and autonomy. I could walk in a 20-30 minutes radius around home, alone, when the conditions were right. My daughter got pregnant and there were some complications there. I also had to move since the rent went way too high. Moving houses is very stressful for anyone, but of course it's worse for us: home is the safe place and moving is getting away from this sanctuary forever. \n\nThese last 2 months, my panic attacks got way worse, and my autonomy suffered from this. I can't walk far anymore. My apartment is full of boxes, as the movers come next Tuesday. I haven't finished packing, but many of my comfort objects are in boxes and some even are already at the new place.\n\nThe COVID-19 panic hit me severely. I feared people wouldn't come to me if I needed help. I was very careful but I think I might have contracted the virus. I also suffer from asthma and high blood pressure, so I'm at risk even though I'm only 47.\n\nI have some symptoms and feel trapped, doomed. It couldn't have happened at a worse time. My daughter just had her beautiful baby and she should be back from the hospital tomorrow. I am now isolated. I could ask to be tested for coronavirus, but there isn't any good reason to. Maybe I just have a regular flu/cough and going out would rise the risks of me getting infected (hospitals are full of viruses).\n\nI'm coping by reading about life after death, NDE and such, and by writing a journal/letters for my relatives in case I don't make it through. I drink herbal teas mostly and some decaf. My anxiety levels are quite high, but I haven't panicked since before the first symptoms. Maybe because I now face actual danger rather than my usual imaginary ones. The symptoms are very mild, though. \n\nMy move is compromised. I doubt I will be able to finish packing alone, and asking for help isn't advised with the virus risk.\n\nI'm fearing death, of course, but as a good agoraphobic I think that I fear the trip more than the destination, if it makes sense. I fear I won't be able to cope with actual end-of-life symptoms. I've been saying I'm dying for 30 years, but now it feels like it could actually be it. At least, sane people will agree with me and recommend I stay home and don't come close to them…\n\nAnyone in similar situations? How has it affected you?", 'A little victory for myself. Took this while walking my dog. ', 'If there are school closures in your area and you are unemployed, now would be a good time to offer babysitting services. ', 'It’s kind of ironic, but I’m getting pretty anxious about being stuck at home.If and when my area goes into lockdown, I am actually dreading being stuck at home. I have worked through my agoraphobia to create a strict schedule for myself where I leave the house every day at a certain time to go to the grocery store, and then later in the day to see my girlfriend. These actions help me feel like a productive person and are the only activities where I feel safe outside of the house. It also helps me to get out of the house because my family life is a little hectic here, even though oddly enough it is also my safe place. The thought of being trapped here, even though I usually am of my own accord, scares me. Really shows how much of my agoraphobia is control based. Guess I just wanted to vent.', 'A tik tok i made to use humour to cope, I thought this community would appreciate ', "If your still with me.I don't know how all this started but if you look around. Then you would know. You only found me starting round 3 of this crap.I was already at my newest lowest of lows. Maybe you seen something I'm not. Maybe I turned down the wrong street one too many times. You took things from me. My ability took cope. I had nothing inside and still don't. Round 1 n 2 killed all those things to do. And even when I started getting help. Lots of help you kept sabotaging my every effort to progress forward while taking more.Only now I had no longer been doing anything that may even remotely deserve it. Why? And then you took my family from me. Was that funny? Was it on purpose? But for some reason you felt I deserved everything I got. But that changed. Why, WHY NOW. what the hell did I do this time. You started to show me who you really are. I just really needed time to process in solitude to figure you out. Even while your pretending. I understand. I screwed that up. It was comically amazing and why you even need that place is beyond me but I'm sure it's so can continue to be amazing. It was all an apology I'm sure it was extremely time consuming and very expensive but even still how could I trust you. You had sabotaged my every effort while a different part of you simultaneously was the only face I even seen in person but he wasn't you at all. I see that now.But thats why it felt like I was running in the wrong direction. I needed answers and I did try to get them from the girl. She was showing me things I didn't believe and wanted to laugh but couldn't, I just wanted my answers. I had so much on my mind. But she wouldn't talk. I panicked and I lost you. It was my fault. I'm sure all of this is my fault right from the very begging so I'm sorry. I do forgive you for anything and everything except for making me fear my family.", "I got laughed atMy grandma called me to meet her at the bus stop to help her with her bags. It's on the same block as my house so it's not a big deal, I just have to turn a corner and walk a short path to the bus stop. I know my body language indicated how uncomfortable I was and people could see it which made me feel worse. Plus the stupid sunlight making my sensory issues worse. I just kept walking though. \n\nThe bus hadn't come yet, so I sat down. A car was stopped at the sign and the driver spotted me and waved at me, but in a way to make fun of me to his friends who were in the backseat. He said something while doing it and his friends laughed. And as they drove off one of the guys in the backseat kept staring at me in sort of a pitying way like what his friend said was really mean. I just feel like shit now. And I'm pretty sure it was mean because I'm used to getting bullied for my appearance which is part of the reason I developed agoraphobia. \n\nAnyway that's it. Thanks for reading. I don't think I want to go outside ever again to help my grandma anymore.", 'Agoraphobia in a pandemic???This is supposed to feel amazing. I can finally say with confidence that I am NOT LEAVING MY APARTMENT. \n\nExcept I live in NYC and so do all my loved ones. I am so fucking scared of losing someone. I developed agoraphobia 4 years ago after my good friend died! I am experiencing some horrific intrusive thoughts. \n\nA neighbor in my building tested positive for coronavirus yesterday. I decided to quarantine myself to be safe. I am in good health but I can’t stand the thought of infecting someone who isn’t. \n\nAlso- i keep seeing memes and whatnot offering tips on how to handle loneliness and isolation. Welcome to my fucking life, everyone! \n\nUgh I’m just a mess.', "People with bad agoraphobia questionSo far the last 3 years I've been struggling with agoraphobia. I had to quit working and got to a point where I couldn't leave my house now I'm able to go about a 3 Mike radius. Has anyone over came this? I got prescribed lexapro but haven't started it. I'm scared to. Also what do you guys do for work if you can't go too far from home???", 'I think I may have agoraphobia?I have been having troubles with not wanting to leave my house. I have bipolar disorder and generalized anxiety disorder and am currently off work due to terrible anxiety accompanied with depression. I don\'t know how I\'ll ever be able to return to work given my current condition. I\'ve been off work for about a month now, and that has probably made my agoraphobia (if that\'s what it is) worse, but it has alleviated some of my other anxiety.\n\nI tend to not want to go anywhere. Actually, I dread going places. I did go into a grocery store the other day, so I\'m not super confined, but the whole time I was panicking that someone I know might see me. Dreading small talk and judgement. Before lining up to check out I had to bail. I felt like I was suffocating with all the people, so I went out to the car, and got my husband to finish up and pay.\n\nI also have a hard time going places on my own. I need someone with me in order to brave leaving the house.\n\nI have "comfort zone areas". Anywhere outside of a half hour drive away is scary. Anywhere unknown is terrifying. I don\'t know how people can travel.\n\nI have friends that always want me to do stuff with them and I\'m constantly turning them down. I just feel safer and way less anxious in my home. \n\nI find my symptoms are worse as my weight goes up. Maybe that\'s a thing. I have recently gained about 60lbs. I don\'t want people to see me like this. \n\nI got invited to a wedding and I\'ve already decided I won\'t go. It\'s 1 hour away, there will be crowds and people I haven\'t seen in a while, waiting there to judge me. I\'m so embarrassed of myself.', 'BlahHey guys I’m new here I was wondering if  anyone else has to be intoxicated/under the influence to have the confidence to leave home? Because that’s the only way I can leave my house to cope with my fear of a possible panic attack in front of strangers in public, help 🥺 this sucks', "Scared about losing progress with the confinement.I'm finding myself in a very anxious state this past days. As in most countries mine has shut down universities and other establishments. This affects my clases and my job, and with it my daily routine. I've put a lot of effort into an ok routine that helps me not to fall in agoraphobic tendencies. It's been a while since I've had an anxiety attack over going out and I was doing pretty good overall.\nNow everything has changed and I'm scared to lose the progress I've made. I feel like when it's time to go to clases and have a normal routine again I won't be able to make it, and I'll fall into a loop of not leaving my house again.\nI know that everybody is having a hard time on their own, I hope it's ok to rant a bit and let my thoughts here.", 'A month can make all the difference.Hey everyone things are beginning to look up when it comes to my agoraphobia. For reference I didn’t leave my house for 4 years. I also have avoidant personality disorder, ocd etc.  For avpd think social anxiety on steroids that never appears to go away. Anyways it all started a month ago after 4 years of not having a job, seriously never leaving my house and being terrified of both people and the outside world, I was sick of living this way. So I started out small and started volunteering at a food bank and non profit. I was severely terrified to do this, it was not easy. I felt like I was literally gonna die but I went and the owner seemed really nice. If I’m ever gonna get out of this mess I need references but above all I figured if I was gonna face my fears I may as well try and do some good. So every night I gotta be honest it’s not easy. My sleep is disturbed my stomach feels sick, but at the same time I haven’t been giving into this feeling which is easier said than done because our brains are literally screaming “you lunatic your gonna fucking die if you go out” but I just did it. Almost passing out when I walked out of my house so instead of driving I’ve been using a driving service lol but I’ve kept going. Just 10 minutes ago I took my dog for a walk down a public busy street something just a month ago I couldn’t do. Overall that terrifying feeling is still there, but I’m starting to realize that even if I feel this way I’m not gonna die. So I’ve been pushing through. About a month ago I was suicidal and had no hope at all, right now there’s at least a little glimmer. So if you guys and gals were/ are like me, I’m not gonna say it is easy because it is absolutely not it’s taken everything out of me to be able to accomplish what for some is so easy but I’ve realized some progress is absolutely possible. Sometimes we just gotta take that leap. I love you all very much.', 'Anyone seen this movie Fear, Love, and Agoraphobia? ', 'Has anyone seen this movie? Fear, Love, and Agoraphobia ', "Snap out of it!!Hey all in this wonderful community. I want your advice on how you deal with your bad days. I've written off today and that's okay, but do you have any strategies about how to feel better tomorrow? \n\nThanks :)", "2 of my friends during the covid19 outbreak. I'm fucking offended!!!!! ", 'Who’s up for a little competition? On March 15, log how much time you spend on doing anything that helps you get better! Whoever logs the most time wins!Exposure therapy counts. Meditation counts. Visualization activities count. Reading about anxiety counts. Progressive muscle relaxation counts. Therapy counts. \n\nFor the purpose of this competition, let’s not count generic self-care activities like talking to friends or taking a bath. \n\nWrite what you do in a comment below. Maybe even edit it updates as you go so everyone can see each other’s progress!', 'Is anyone else who is doing better/semi-fine terrified of relapsing because of COVID-19?I spent a few years completely housebound because of agoraphobia, and over the last few years I’ve been recovering. I can leave my home alone, I can go for groceries alone, I can walk and take the bus alone, I can be in crowded places for a bit before panicking. I had some times where I wouldn’t leave my apartment for days, but I was doing really well!\n\nBut now this. I have to go out tomorrow for something, and I’m absolutely terrified. I had a panic attack just a bit ago because I needed to leave my apartment to do laundry. My province got its first confirmed cases today. Every single part of my brain is telling me to shut down and stay home and never leave. And the government is encouraging it!\n\nIt’s not so much that I’m afraid of getting sick, it’s me being terrified that I’ll get my family sick.  One of the things I’ve been doing since I’m better is helping take care of my 98 year old grandfather, and he wouldn’t survive if he got sick.\n\nI’m so afraid that if I do stay home for weeks without leaving, it’ll undo all my progress and I’ll go back to how I was before. Is anyone else feeling the same?', 'Unsure if I have agoraphobia. Thoughts?Here is what I experience:\n\n-anxiety when I hear someone outside, especially if it’s just my roommate coming home (Even though I enjoy spending time with her)\n-anxiety just from opening a door to the outside, even if I’m not going anywhere. I just hate the action. \n-fear of freak accidents happening to me when I leave the house\n-fear of being caught in a terrorist attack (no matter if where I’m at has very little people or a lot of people around)\n-paranoia of being kidnapped, especially when I’m in semi secluded spots \n-fear of interaction in general (except on good days)\n-dreading when I have to leave to the point where I get physical symptoms from the stress of the anticipation (I won’t go into detail but just know it’s gross and unpleasant)\n-this is a HUGE one for me, being hesitant to make plans with people, especially if it involves leaving the house. (Partially because I also don’t know if I’m going to be up for being around people or if I’m just going to be miserable) \n\nThat’s all I can think of right now', "Experience with self medication?Does anyone here have experience with medication regarding anxiety and agoraphobia? I'd like to try something natural that's not too expensive. I have my emergency medication Tavor but I don't like to take it because the side effects I get worsen my depression. It's a very strong medicine you should only take in an emergency situation so I'm searching for something that will relieve my angst a little bit", 'This just sucks...I have had my first panic attack at the end of 2015 and I developed agoraphobia through and got diagnosed with it in early 2016.\n\nI\'m housebound for more than 4 years now.\nI live in an apartment in 4th floor with my parents and I\'m 25 years old now.\n\nI just tried (after several months) going down the stairs and take a 1 step outside.\nI couldn\'t stay and rushed back home and my heart beats like crazy, I hardly can breathe, cold sweat all over me, shaking and now I even vomited. \n\nI\'m so sick of this whole situation I\'m in.\nI feel like crap right now.\nI feel like if you get agoraphobia you HAVE to be strong to get out of it, but I am certainly not.\nI just "live" my life trapped at home. Without a future in sight. My body\'s health is getting worse and worse as well.\n\nI hear "it gets better" a lot, but no no I can\'t believe it that this gets better.\nI\'m sick of suffering I don\'t want to do it anymore. \n\nI wouldn\'t wish this situation to my worst enemy.', "Scared that when all of this is over I'll relapse.For the past few months I'd been finally able to go out of the house by myself and even if I have daily panic attacks I started to manage to deal with them while out. Now it's forbidden to go out of the house because of virus and of course I'm happy about it because even if I have panic attacks I'm home and can just distract myself and stuff, but when we'll eventually be able to go out again I just know that my fear of having attacks outside will come back. And the anxiety about being anxious is making me anxious. I hate this", 'Does anyone find comfort living near a hospital?I’ve heard people say if they panic, they just ‘take a break’ and don’t want others to notice. I find comfort in seeing people around because if I need help, I wouldn’t suffer alone. I DREAD doing exposures where I’m driving and I can’t see people on the sidewalks. Hate backroads where there are no signs of life or stores. I live by a hospital and it makes me feel better knowing I can get there in minutes. Also, my panic attacks don’t just go away in 5-10 minutes. I’ve had one for 3 hours until I got medication in the ER.', 'COVID-19 can kick rocks.Just as I started bettering myself, now I’m FORCED to repeat these experiences I tried so hard to dig myself away from. I’m so frustrated.', 'What can I do if I can’t afford to seek help?Hi guys, do you have any tips for people who can’t afford therapy? It’s been a year since my last job and i’ve been struggling to go out and get a job because of my agoraphobia. And i’ve been told that one therapy session could cost $100 or more which i just can’t afford right now. Sorry if this is a stupid question. Thanks.', "Please help me to fill up this survey 😖😣💖I'm doing a survey about self-love and self-actualization! It is for my school final year project. I couldn't get enough responses and I really need help …idk why I thought of here, I will really appreciate it if you guys could help me complete this survey. I'm sorry if this is disturbing or makes you feel offended. Love from Jia, I hope you have a nice day and a bright future! 💖\n\nhttps://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSej5kq2Szn8w1vqt0yiKYweyXEFiIPBBVYokMbQagAT3qNlyw/viewform?usp=sf_link", "Wish me luckI haven't slept all night because tomorrow's the day.\n\nI have to vote.  I HAVE to take out my trash.  And since I'm out of medical marijuana, I'm going to my pharmacy to pick up my benzo refill.\n\nAll of these places are less than six blocks.\n\nI can do this.", "Exposure therapy put on hold thanks to this coronavirus bsWas doing not bad so far now its going to be out on hold this dumb virus needs to f off already l just hope there's a cure soon. Changing to new meds as well is a nightmare feeling suffocated over last few days and panic attacks up the butt 😥", 'Gotta leave in 10 minutesF in chat for me folks.   \n\nRequesting an uber.    \n\n Because my work is finally gonna cover that at least during this stupid pandemic.   \n\nSend me good vibes. Ill need it. :/', "Hey Everyone, Let's Keep Positive!I've noticed a lot of people here talking about potential relapsing once this is all over, and how they were just starting to try to reign in their Agoraphobia and get better. I feel you. It SUCKS! I was just on my second recovery as well, as I had backslid a lot due to some personal things that came up.\n\nLet's try and look at it this way...\n\nMaybe this whole ordeal is what we actually needed to help us get better. Right now there's a pretty good reason to be scared to go outside for once; unlike the myths and hypothetical scenarios that we create in our heads. Once we see this through, maaaaaaybe a much less Agoraphobic outlook will be waiting for us on the other side.\n\nI think it's also important to keep in mind that while we should most definitely keep an air of seriousness about us, COVID-19 is not a death sentence for the majority of the population. What's happening right now is an attempt for the remaining countries of the world to not allow their healthcare systems to become overrun; as what happened in China, Italy, and Spain.\n\nSo let's just try and keep our heads up, think positive on this one, and see the possibility of coming out stronger once it's all said and done. Just think, when all this lets up so much tension and anxiety will be released from having to sanitize, disinfect, wash our hands, stay away from others, worry if someone else is carrying, etc. It'll make going out feel like a breeze!\n\nTake care and stay safe everyone. Just remember to follow the new guidelines set in place in your location, chill out for a few weeks and be refreshed and ready to tackle your problems then. Right now, this is not about me, or you. It's about us, humanity, as a whole, getting through this as best we can. Personal problems should be put aside, this is a time of crisis. We need to be thinking of others as well.\n\nCheers.", 'Thought of my fellow agoraphobics with this one lol ', "Discord server?Hey! I'm a new member and i'm wondering if there are any discord servers for agoraphobia? I find it's easier to be on there as opposed to reddit. Thanks!", 'Is there an agoraphobia memes sub asking for a me ', 'Memes popping up from people I know full well do not have agoraphobia. They are just posting to be "relatable" or get attention and I hate it. ', 'Now that social distancing and staying at home is highly advised, people have shared their different opinions on this “staying at home, can’t go anywhere” lifestyle/situation; Some positive, some negative. As an agoraphobic, what are your thoughts?How do you guys feel about seeing all these people on social media complain about being advised to practice social distancing at the moment and continuously whine about being quarantined and how much “it sucks” staying at home the whole day and they feel like they’re about to lose their mind etc, etc.? Do some of you get triggered?\n\nI mean I do understand that most of these people may not be aware of what agoraphobia is / are just simply used to being occupied with their routines outside of their homes.\n\nI don’t really mind these influencers whining about staying at home but what bothered me the most i guess is how my friends—who i’ve been explaining my condition to for like a year now, talked about this situation over our group chat saying things like “imagine staying at home longer than this, my brain would be fried” etc. I mean, i’m not proud of choosing to stay homebound this long either, i’m just really having a hard time right now.\n\nI do understand that most of these people aren’t used to the lifestyle we’ve become used to (or onced used to, for those who are recovering / have recovered.) but this situation just made me realize how unaware of the existence of agoraphobia most people are. Another example of how much people like us often get misunderstood.\n\n(Sorry, not sure if i made sense. Maybe it’s just me. Just wanted to let this out.)', "SetbacksI'm really struggling with everything right now. \nAt the beginning of the year I hit an absolute low, but around February I was finally starting to get somewhere. I was leaving a little more comfortably, and I even managed to get a job at a local movie theater. \n\nI'm immunocompromised, and the whole Coronavirus situation has been a massive source of anxiety but I've been trying to just deal with it. Washing my hands, sanitizing everything, so on. It's been hard but my wife and mom have been extremely supportive and helpful. \n\nAnd that brings us to today, where I woke up this morning to an Earthquake and then proceeded to see that my job was laying off every part time employee. I feel like I'm right back to where I was in the beginning of the year and just wanted to somewhere to vent. I feel like my world just shrank significantly again.", 'Coronavirus | Mental Health &amp; Coping Skills ', 'Pushing pastI wanted to get someone experience with just saying fuck it and pushing past your fear. I try to do my exposure therapy, and it is just so hard.\n\nWhat happened when you just pushed past and kept going when your body told you to turn around?', 'Panicking, really need someone to talk to!I’m doing something kind of dumb.. getting a tattoo. Of all the times I could leave my house, this is when I choose to do it. Yeah.. anyway, I’m currently sitting at a tattoo shop waiting for my turn. Unfortunately the wait time is 1-2 hours so I have a whole lot of time to sit and panic lol. I’m about ready to walk out of this place, but I’ve come this far and don’t want to give up. Idk, I just need someone to talk me down haha', 'Software engineers and programmersI notice a lot of software engineers and programmers struggling with social anxiety and agoraphobia. I used to have the same problem, but I’ve learnt to deal with it. Maybe I can offer some tips to you software people out there!', "How to flyI have to take a flight this month across the country and I'm terrified. I haven't flown in five years since my agoraphobia got bad. In your opinion, do you think it would be best to take the flight in small jumps from city to city, or to do the entire six hour flight in one shot? Which will be less traumatic?", "The 'fall backs' are gone because everyone is now using them, how to get by during this pandemic?Can we all post tips and anything about doing the basics now so we can all give each other some advice and tips?\n\nI can't do online shopping anymore, every slot for grocery shopping is booked up for the next 5 weeks and there are no more slots for anything.\n\nI know there are charities being set up for people who are self isolating to do shopping, local Facebook Groups, Whatsapp groups, etc how do you even join or find these?", "Does anyone experience a low in their anxiety during the night?Hello there,  \nDoes anyone else find they're less anxious to go places during the evening?  \nI often go for a late night drive comfortably, to go get some food or just to drive down the beach front.  \nBut say I do the same distance during the day, I am super anxious and often begin to either have a panic attack or start to feel sick.", "Hate feeling emptyAll I want to do is have my life back, 6 years indoors working on it, but I'm facing the facts here I'm never going to  get better. am 29 missing front tooth and other damaged teeth, if I some how got back out into the real World still wouldn't get my teeth fixed am terrified am scared of everything dentist, travelling, death, thunder and lightning, am scared of everything I'm pathetic like who would date this toothless Joe I am so shy and scared, I wouldn't know how to find love just thinking about it scares me, hate the fact that am afraid of everything. I wish I had the balls just to walk out that door and not give a fuck about these suffocating panic attacks and anxiety. If I wasn't afraid of death I'd probably try to kill my self over and over. It's all I feel these days lonely, empty, dark playing games helps distract a little but not enough and am getting tired of being in the same house every day.", "Another discord server.I hope this is allowed and if not, mods please feel free to delete. I know there are a few discord servers out there so i'd like to invite you all to join mine as well if you please. We recently had a whole new overhaul and i'm trying to keep it as active as much as I can especially with what's going on in the world right now. Take care all.\n\nhttps://discord.gg/DEYwVH", 'Thoughts on new *sensationalized* movie about agoraphobia coming out? The movie ‘The Woman in the Window’ has been announced, featuring amy Adams as a woman who suffers from severe agoraphobia. I’m not someone who suffers from any sort of extreme agoraphobia, so I can’t speak fairly on the topic of the movie, and I’m curious what the genuine thoughts of you guys are on it. Is it sensationalism? Could it be beneficial? Could it be detrimental?\n[here’s ](https://youtu.be/J0hTmzISOlQ) a link to the trailer.', 'Fear Of Fear - 🐝 KindI have a feeling that suicide rates are probably going to be pretty bad this year, with the stress of everything lately (and to come). I know my mental health has been bad in the last few years, especially last year, and with what\'s happening this year, I know it isn\'t going to be any better - not even close. With all of the isolation and fear among people (also people who are having money troubles), I totally think suicide numbers might be comparable to the virus numbers. Feeling hopeless and scared make you want to escape the pain, especially if lonely, dependent on help from others, and depressed/anxiety disordered to begin with. I could be totally in my own world in this thinking (being mentally unwell myself), but I just think we need to be more kind to each other. This should be a trigger for it, if you aren\'t already kind! ❤️ "How to be kind" is what we need to figure out!', "Please do not spread unnecessary fearI wrote this as  part of a reply to another post but thought it deserved a post of it's own.                                                                                                                          PLEASE DO NOT SPREAD UNNECESSARY FEAR. This is NOT civilization ending stuff it's going to be bad but so was Ww2 and we came through that. There's lots of  bad information being shared and just want people to remember.                                                            \n\nFor 99% of the population it's a really bad flu and a large percentage of them will hardly know they have it. This might well be the worst thing any of us ever live through but for the vast majority of us we will live through it and come out the other side. Many of us have spent years or even decades living with fear and panic what's one more thing to worry about. Just take care of yourself and those you love and that's all you can do.", "Does anyone else get triggered about the complaints of staying at home because of the corona?I don't leave my house due to anxiety which turns agrophobia. I take online classes for college in my house, my parents pay for everything and shop for groceries. 90% of the world is complaining about this whole quarantine thing. It's kind of offensive to the way I live. What I'm saying is when I hear people complaining it's like an insult to my daily life. I feel even more like a freak and an outsider because this just proves the way we live isn't normal. Now I know everything is on a spectrum and I'm sure some of you leave your house more than others, me I'm 18yrs old I dont leave my house, I'm unemployed zero social life outside of reddit. What average 18 year old lives like this? I'm tired of hearing the negatives about this quarantine. It just makes me feel like more of an outsider", "Something to share with your extrovert friends and family \n\nY'all are going to be holed up for a while so I thought I would throw a few tips together to make it a bit easier for you normies .  \n\n\n  \n1. Take your showers. Don't think that when you are sitting at home unwashed you don't stink. Do it for your loved ones or just do it for yourself. Negative ions are good for you and put you in a better frame of mind. Trust me (or fucking Google it).  \n\n\n  \n2. Get dressed. Pajamas everyday turn you into cat. Believe me, I know. Shit, break out those fancy clothes and get all gussied up. Put on your make up, do your hair, whatever. Have some fun with it.  \n\n\n  \n3. When you first wake up do what needs to be done before you do any fun stuff. Chores, learning, whatever. Get the shit out the way and you will appreciate the fun stuff later.  \n\n\n  \n4. Have regular meals. Not too many though. You are in a sedentary lifestyle now. Have at least one meal planned out and have a glorified snack later (or vice versa). Eating from boredom is a thing and now there is a lot of it.  \n\n\n  \n5. Pets. If you don't have any get some. Even if it's just a foster, shelters and rescues are in need of assistance especially now. If you already have pets here is a golden op to give them the extra attention they so deserve.  \n\n\n  \n6.  Speaking from a Gen X point of view, y'all have a world of information at your fingertips. For fucks sake you can access the Library of Congress. Do you know how much interesting shit is there? You have the unbelievable chance to learn whatever you have an interest in. Grab it, wallow in it. Enjoy.  \n\n\n  \n7. Play your music. It does sooth the savage beast when you are feeling ornery. Don't forget to dance. Always dance.  \n\n\n  \n9. Most importantly, we are so lucky we are able to keep in touch with each other remotely. Reach out. Talk with your friends and family. Reach out to strangers who might be struggling. Keeping contact with y'all has been one of things that has kept me going. I hope anything, what I have shared here, will keep you going .", '100% accurate for me XD ', 'curious at to what medications you all are on?i’m just wondering what medications work for people and yes i know there’s google but i want the input of people here. \n\ni have a meeting with my psychiatrist next month to discuss meds. my psychiatrists have been nothing short of disastrous. since my diagnoses i have been refused all forms of therapy “for now” (because i am not on meds. i have been told to “go off and decide what meds i wanna take”. zero support so i’m trying to figure out the best meds for me, yet i know everyone is different. \n\ni’m bipolar type 11 along with extreme agoraphobia/DPDR and OCD. i can’t do anything outside other than work (i work nights in a quiet environment) and anything where there’s no one around (walks in nature, jogging etc). to me the bipolar isn’t unbearable, depression sucks but id take it any day over. so i want to focus on anti anxiety meds that may also relieve depression and not throw me into a manic phase. i’m also scared about weight gain as a side effect as this exacerbates my depression. \n\nsorry for the long post and not even sure if this is the right place. i just want to know what meds could help at least a little with my anxiety. right now i only have valium as prn medication, and beta blockers which i don’t take as a lot of my anxiety is mental as oppose to physical.', 'Well, there goes my progress..I was housebound for most of December.  On 12/27 I said fuck it and faught my panic attack and drove to a gas station.  By February I was working part time again and by the first week of March I was able to drive about an hour away.  \n\n\nWell. \n\nNow I’m scared to leave again.  Yay, for corona..', "Isolation hasnt changed anythingI didn't really leave the house or go anywhere before so nothing has really changed. It's actually kind of taken a pressure off of needing to go out and be 'normal'. Thankfully I still get my benefits but my husband was laid off so we will need to juggle some things to stay above water.  We are allowed to defer our mortgage and car loan so that will help in the short term but might screw us with interest in the long run but really there's no choice.  If we don't pay it then we're really screwed right? My thoughts and prayers to everyone effected by this.", "LonielessBeen so lonely lately, it's like a weight that keeps getting heavier on my chest. I want to desperately socialize, to not feel a vast void in my life. Years have flown by, my life is rotting away.", "All of the sudden you can do anything by phoneA year back, i've been completely housebound with no possibility to get anywhere. it was a pain solving issues over phone or email, doctors said they cant do anything for me unless i can make my way to them, the brother of my grandpa passed and i needed to sign paperwork wich cost me several hundreds to get someone to come to me - a couple weeks back, another affair needs me to sign papers, now i can leave the house just not that far alone, so i said the woman that i need to ask someone to bring me there and if it wouldnt be possible to go through the papers at the phone since it would not really change anything. she said no, i asked my sister and everything was fine. yesterday i got a call that the meeting is canceled and we are doing it over the phone instead.\n\ni dont know if i should be mad, happy or else, i think amused describes it pretty well. seeing people that never understood you struggle may be evil, but its somehow soooo satisfying. payback time.", "Short film help??Hello, I am a film student and since I am vulnerable to the coronavirus I have been quarantined at home. I still have to make a film though for my final project of the year.\n\nI am making a psychological thriller about someone who is very lonely and as a result they develop hallucinations, but since I am in quarentine the entire thing has to be made in my house. I thought maybe giving my character agoraphobia would explain why they don't leave the house.\n\nI do not, however, want to make my film offensive in any way to those who suffer from agoraphobia. If anyone would be happy to help me design my character in a way to make it as accurate and inoffensive as possible, that would be hugely appreciated. Side note: the hullucinations they experience will have nothing to do with their agoraphobia, it will be due to their loneliness and paranoia. \n\nThe main things I want to make sure I get right are things like the avoidant behaviour, how they react to being unable to go out when they want to, and their loneliness (as this character is not going to have people around who understands or helps). Please let me know of you would be happy to help, but please look after yourself and don't help me if you think it will trigger your own symptoms.\n\nThank you!", "for regular people, this is a novelty. for us, this is everyday fucking life.i ain't shedding too many tears over these normal people who are loosing their shit after a week of isolation and/or stuck in very close quarters with family. how about you try living for years like this and then we'll talk.\n\nit was taking me every ounce of strength i had not to end my life way before coronavirus dropped. i've spent probably 80% of my time isolated at home for the past 7 years, so this excess confinement is really driving me nuts. i don't know how much longer i can manage.\n\nthere is really no point to this post. just venting and making some observations i'm sure plenty of you can relate to.", 'SSIHow many of you have SSI or trying to get it?. What all do you need to do? My mom been going after me about trying to get it', 'Before isolation, it’s almost like I was already hiding from a virus before Covid. I’m sorry... calling other people a ‘virus’, is rude.I’m sure we can all agree that our lives haven’t changed much at all since we were told to go into quarantine. :/\n\nUnhealthy, yes, but healthier than those with Covid 19 and those who are crying about “not being able to take it anymore in isolation”, I’d believe', 'My biggest fear is not catching a virus or dying by it, but catching it and having to take a tests.I know from my previous experiences that I would do fine and nothing "bad" would happen to me, nobody would even notice that I am dealing with extremely unpleasant panic reaction.\n\nBUT...I also know from my previous experience that apprehension before the event and going trough that experience are absolutely to worst.\n\nJust because I am not in danger and I won\'t be dying, doesn\'t change the fact that shit sucks.\n\nHonestly, I am pretty sure I would rather die than go for a test.\n\nI wish I could be like most other people and worry about the virus itself, but that isn\'t my concern at all.', 'Anybody else who feels very comfy during this curfew?On other days I think life passes by outside my door without me. Now everybody shall stay at home and I feel much calmer. Anybody else with this feeling?\n\nCheers\nNik', 'Stop taking it personallyAs someone who has struggled with agoraphobic symptoms, I truly believe we need to stop getting so triggered and personally offended by people who are struggling to stay at home.\n\nIn the same way being at home is restorative and peaceful for us, some people are feeling restless sitting at home. I have friends developing anxiety, feeling boxed up, completely losing their outgoing, vibrant selves during this time.\n\nSomeone complaining about their experience of being home does not equate to them calling you abnormal. We are making it mean something about us, and I hope this sub goes back to being a uplifting, safe space than an angry outlet over the pandemic. \n\nPersonally I’m loving staying indoors during this time to reenergise. Hope everyone else is too.', 'It’s not the social or medical aspect for me. It’s literally the agora.The wide open spaces fuck me up, for an inexplicable reason. Does anyone have similar experiences? Like I care way less being in a crowded building, but being on an empty highway is unbearable.', "Open spaces- Nevada is my hellSocial stuff has always been horrible for me but I didn't know I was afraid of wide open spaces until I drove through Nevada. I guess I had never been anywhere so flat and open before. I got very panicky for hours but used it to analyze myself and it helped me learn some things. I think it has to do with the idea of nowhere to hide, nothing to hide behind if I need it... When we finally started driving past close hills/ mountains I felt instant relief, then the hill would pass and get flat again and back came the panic. Difficult to deal with but very fascinating. It has helped me understand this alot.", "Day 5475 of self isolation...I've been agoraphobic for most of my life, I can say for sure that the last 15 years I've isolated myself away from most people and going out.\n\nI find it really odd when people are posting 'day 3 of self isolation' and they seem to be loosing the plot.", 'Post I made on Instagram. I don’t suffer with agoraphobia personally but I do have social anxiety. Seeing people complaining about 8 days quarantine when some of you guys have been housebound for years at a time is just ridiculous. I hope everyone here stays healthy and love to u all ❤️ ', 'I can’t wait for this quarantine to be overI don’t know if what I have to be considered agoraphobia (people cause me panic attacks, so I avoid people, not asking for a diagnosis just a little bit of what’s going on). I live in Pennsylvania and everything is on shutdown unless it’s a necessity like hospitals and grocery and gas. Guys, idk how much longer I can deal with this. I just had to force myself to get water after not drinking for a few days, and lo and behold since there’s no work tomorrow everyone’s awake *panic attack* and now I’m here, crying. Sorry if this isn’t the right sub, I don’t know what my diagnosis is, nor do I really care. Whatever I have, it really is a problem and it is effecting my life majorly and this quarantine is making everything worse. I just want to be in quarantine by my damn self lol', 'OMG OMGOMGOMGOMG... and backSo.... shortest background I have complex trauma (PTSD and CPTSD) which has become agoraphobia and chrinic pain and I\'m homeless.   \n\n\nLuckily thinks are just scraping by so that I\'m in a hotel not on the street (I\'m super terrified of going n the street as I have grand mal seizures and have had a stroke and am female and a SA survivor and I will freak out (to say the least) from being unsafe if I have to sleep rough in a city because of assaults, I\'m also not eligible for housing..... so this is fun. I\'ve also been hallucinating weird things because my pain isn\'t being treated atm. I\'m also hallucinating from pain and it is sometimes hard to know what is my mind screwing with me  \n\n\nAnyway the latest place I\'m in has a grocery store RIGHT next door so I go out almost every day (progress!) to get fresh salad fixings (eating healthy while I can) but today it was really hard, it went ok in the store even though some of the things I wanted to get weren\'t left on the shelf cause of hoarders   \n\n\nSo I was leaving and I decided to get an apple turnover and they were closing and the guy had already cashed out his bank card reader and rung in the purchace and I didn\'t have cash and he was like "it\'s ok you can pay me later" and I started to panic because small buisnesses need every purchace and I\'d have to remember and pay while he was on the shift so he\'d know how to ring it in and I just started getting really racing thoughts and shaky and thought my legs were going to give way and sweat was developing on my forehead  but I noticed an ATM so I was able to get out the money- I mean he was being nice but I HAD to do it or else I wouldn\'t be able to walk by then anymore (I know people here will get this) so I was able to get him the cash finally and I was already sweating from the anxiety by that point.... UGH  \n\n\nThen I was all shaky and my groceries fell off my walker when I was trying to lift everything up the couple stairs at the entrence and my oranges and onion rolled everywhere but at least the bottle of olive oil didn\'t break and spill and make a super dangerous spill on the granite out front  \n\n\nThat is the most boring excitement I\'ve had in a while - how did I become such a WUSS, I used to deal with such hardcore things at many jobs ugh lol  \n\n\nJust had to share, thanks :3  \n\n\n  \n\\~fin\\~', "Getting a jobA while ago, I lost my job and have been unemployed since. I didnt develope agoraphobia while I was working. Now, it feels much more difficult to actually get to an interview let alone actually  work. How should I go about this? Should I try to slowly work up to it and eventually find work or should I just 'jump in' and get things over with? With quarantine, it's been a lot more difficult to work on my agoraphobia, since I want to avoid going out and I cant go to therapy.", 'Leaving my house for the first time since January.I need to leave my house to get groceries. I’m terrified  of going out while this COVID-19 mess is happening. Any advice for dealing with the grocery store?', 'I’m supposed to go shopping tomorrow. I’m freaking out.I’m supposed to drop my wife off to work, and then go get groceries for the family. Usually, I can get by, but I have someone, my wife or kids, that keep me from panicking. My youngest doesn’t want to be cooped up and wants to go. (I’m worried that it’s partially because I tell her how much she helps me when she goes.) I want to take her, but it feels irresponsible and selfish for me to take her in the current climate. I’m freaking out, and can’t sleep. I don’t know how I’m going to do this. If I can’t get a couple groceries on my own, how am I going to get a regular job. Man, I feel so disappointed in myself. Was feeling I was making real progress until this. I hate myself so much, I’m so useless.', 'A timeline of my agoraphobia(More so for me to re motivate myself)\n\nNovember 30- I knew I started feeling like driving scared me\nDecember 10th- scared to drive without someone in my car\nDecember 15- got people to take me to and from work\nDecember 22- quit my job with an hour long commute\nDecember 24- refused to see family for holidays\nChristmas- spent alone\n12/27- saw my dad and went to dinner.  Panicked the whole time\n12/28- exposure therapy.  Cried leaving my front door.\n12/29- got into my car and got my boyfriend cigs from the store (panic mode the whole time) \nNew Years- spent with some friends panicky\n1/1- started going on daily walks \n1/4- started doing nightly driving exposure therapy.  Drove around my apartment complex \n1/7- missed my moms birthday (she lives a half hour away) \n1/10- drove to the gas station and back, panicked on the way there but was fine on the way back\n1/15- we had a month to move out for our lease was up.  Began packing\n1/20- started part time work as a server.  Panicked during the interview.  (Farthest ive been from home in a month, 15 minutes away) \n2/1- started to work, panicked after an hour\n2/10- quit the job because it was too much\n2/21- started working again.  Part time.  \n2/24- drove to my moms house and stayed for a few days \n2/25- able to leave my house on a regular basis.  Seeing friends I haven’t seen in months.\n2/28- admitted to a psych ward for agoraphobia and suicidal thoughts\n3/1- released and feeling more normal.  \n3/5- Hanging out with friends more\n3/10- spent a week with my mom.  Able to drive an hour away \n3/11- got the news I’d be transferring to a new store a half mile away\n3/20- able to leave my house, needs extra motivation.\nPresent day-  my goal for today is to take a shower, get some sushi (my guilty pleasure) and do more exposure therapy.  \n\nI some times (I feel we all) forget where I’ve came from.  How much I’ve accomplished with this terrible mental illness.  Some days I’ll sit in my room and cry because I femember going to bars and parties.  But I have to understand, that I’ll be there again one day.  I’m also doing this non medicated.  So it will take longer.  \n\nThanks for reading!  I feel it helps to see each step we’ve taken in the right direction.', 'Agoraphobia or severe health anxiety?I have heart anxiety.  If my heart rate goes above 120 (even walking) I panic.  It’s making me constantly check my pulse.  Even at work.  Which makes me not want to work.  It’s making me scared to leave my room.  Can you have both?', 'What is Agoraphobia? | Let’s Get Clinical ', 'I hate thisI was just, literally just getting back on my feet, got a job was starting to go out again &amp; in the space of the last week lost said job &amp; went downhill again through all of this coronavirus stuff. My psychologist isn’t available for similar reasons so i’m alone &amp; have no one to open up to, i’m not trying to have a pity party &amp; i understand there’s people dying so compared to others im quite lucky i just needed some place to vent as i have no where to turn right now. I fought so hard to be able to get my life back &amp; now im in a state that feels like step 1 again.', 'help?i have agoraphobia so i self employ from home with my mom.\n\nbut all my costumers are gone. nobody needs facebook advertising when every thing is closed, nore can anyone afford it. \n\nwalmart is hiring if i could only go outside, idk what to do', 'Is anyone else extremely relieved by the quarantine? I’ve never felt more in my element. I wish it would last forever. I actually feel calm. ', "Meds DilemmaHi! I'm pretty much a pro agoraphobe.. haven't left the house unaccompanied in about 15 years and that's usually only once every few weeks or so for very small trips. So staying put due to this virus isn't a problem. I do however have absolutely crippling health anxiety, when this first erupted I literally didn't get out of bed for 4 days for fear of it just being 'in the air'. No open windows, nothing.\n\nI'm trying really hard to push on. Exercising more indoors, putting myself on a strict sleep schedule etc. But there's a problem looming I don't know how to handle. I'm on various meds, for psychosis and depression etc. In 2 weeks i'll have to pick up a repeat prescription. Problem is the person that usually accompanies me no longer can, I have nobody that can pick it up for me and theres no possibility I can even get there let alone stand in those lines without becoming a wailing puddle on the floor. \n\nI've seen delivery services but none are accepting. Can't find anyone offering to do these runs in my area. So it looks like my only option is to wean myself off of them in 2 weeks and hope I don't just completely lose my mind. I'm just not sure how to do it because one of the meds I take is a single tablet that's sustained release. But I'm warned it's highly dangerous to just stop it because it can lead to major heart problems.\n\nSo what the hell do I do?", 'Unpopular opinion (This sub should not be a place for people to be comfortable about having agoraphobia and not fighting it)I followed this sub a while ago, and left because it was a bunch of people freaking out. I’m one of you. I’ve had it for going on 10 years. Like most of the posts I’ve seen, I also had basically given up. \n\nDon’t give up! Omg, about a month ago, I had some clarity; I did a lot of reading about exposure therapy. \n\nYou don’t have to feel like this forever. I’m going to go over a few things that most of you probably know. \n\nGoing somewhere fast and getting what you needed and leaving without a panic attack isn’t a success in helping treat your agoraphobia. I used to be so proud of when that would happen. All you’re doing is telling your brain that you’re safe If you leave quickly. \n\nExposure therapy should be done somewhere that makes you uncomfortable about a 5. (Look up SUDS) you could go hire but that would be flooding and most likely cause you to 1. Not do it again. 2. Not stay the right amount of time. \nYou need to stay at your spot until you get down to a 1-2. This is relatively comfortable. When you leave, you should feel kind of bored of being there. \n\nDo not do exposure therapy based on time. I’ll go to ______ for 15 minutes. This will trick your body into thinking you’re safe for that amount of time. Stay where you are struggling until it goes down. It’s hell. I know. You are going to feel like you’re dying or going insane. \nOnly the first few times... I’m not saying you’ll just feel better at that place. Doing exposure therapy makes doing exposure therapy everywhere easier. \n\nGo into your exposure therapy not trying to fight it. Go into as a battle. You got your breathing. Muscle techniques? Water to splash on your face? Whatever it is that helps you. \n\nSTAY THERE UNTIL YOUR PANIC GOES DOWN. \nIf you leave your exposure therapy before your calm, you failed. I don’t mean this rude. It happens to me. It’ll happen to you. But we are trying to rewire our brain. If you live early your body now thinks where you left is dangerous. You just added fuel. \n\nI know this is a lot and a bit of rambling but I spent a long time thinking my life would be shit. Since starting my exposure therapy I’ve had about the same amount of panic attacks and overall anxiety as I normally do. Main difference is I’m controlling them. Eventually they will be far and in between. \n\n\nBrothers and sisters, we got this. I want to see more posts saying I conquered my exposure exercise and less “I’m glad I don’t have to leave home.” \n\nFor more information, better written, check out this link \n https://www.anxietycoach.com/exposuretherapy.html', "I love youI just wanted to say, I really love all of you. I'm thankful for this sub. I really don't care where you're at in your agoraphobia. I'm glad we have each other, especially right now. I don't think it's either good or bad wherever you may be in your diagnosis. Some of us are very happy to be at home with our families and our fishtanks and our beautiful gardens. Someone of us may be struggling to get out side more. It doesn't really matter, dose it? I'm proud of all of you. Let's be nice to each other :) the entire world is hurting outside.. we can stay uplifted by checking in here", "Sending love and gratitude to food pantries that deliver to the home-bound, especially during this crisis!I just found out about this FREE service last week and figured I qualified but I didn't really think pantries would be up and running during this pandemic.\n\nI didn't even fill out the application, I just sent my therapist the part she needed to fill out, thinking she'd return it to me and I'd submit the completed packet. \n\nI received a voicemail today.  I will be receiving groceries Saturday. \n\nApparently my therapist sent her part over without telling me.  Or maybe she added her own letter, I don't know.    \n\nRegardless, I am extremely grateful there are people out there working in ALL sectors looking out for those in need, especially at a time like this when there is so much uncertainty and fear and financial instability.", 'AGORAPHOBIC, BIPOLAR, MULTIPLE PERSONALITY DISORDERI’m new to this and lately my bipolar has been really effecting my family life because of the lockdown. I get really angry and upset when I’m bothered too much. My family sometimes don’t get along because every time we are together too long anger issues starts to pop up... but when we do get along it’s the best. I love them to bits still even with our issues but I think most of the issues we have is because of me and my mental issues. \nI’m usually alone at home so we don’t see each other as much and I’m fine because I’m alone and at peace. Now all I keep doing is cutting my face up and screaming and yelling. \nDoes anyone have advice for someone like me? I have issues with certain noises it makes me have anxiety such as someone chewing or someone walking too loud. \nI’ve tried talking to suicide hotline.', 'People Worrying About Their Progress[Long Post Warning]\n\nThe last couple of days I\'ve been really stressed, because I have gone from years at a time of not going out, shaking just looking at the door handle, feeling nauseous just taking out the trash... To holding down small part time jobs, enjoying going for walks, going to buy groceries almost every single day, even taking the bus into the next town. \n\nI did a bunch of thinking about it, though, and I came up with some ways to (at least somewhat) safeguard my recovery and soothe my mind. \n\nI must stress that I am not a therapist, and that these are simply things that work for me that I\'m sharing in the hopes that they\'ll help someone else in a similar situation. If you have any to add that work for you, please do comment! \n\n\n. Make a list of things you enjoyed and miss about being able to go outside, even if they\'re \'small\' things like "having the freedom to buy what I want from the store" or "seeing people go about their normal lives".\n\n. Make a list of goals; things you wanted to do in your recovery, things you were looking forward to being able to do. Maybe even things you had to cancel or give up doing for the foreseeable future. "When all this blows over I want to join that book club" for example. \n\n. Write down how far you\'ve come (turn it into a mood board or scrap book or something fancy if you like, that\'s therapeutic too!). Note all the things that had become relatively easy for you before the quarantine, how much less fear you felt doing them. \n\n. If you\'re in any kind of therapy, or have been, do not give up on it. Continue your CBT exercises, fill out a diary for your therapist, practice your breathing techniques. \n\n. Spend some time in your garden if you have one. Gardening is a good one right now! Step out onto your balcony or porch or front lawn if it\'s safe to do so. Make sure you\'re not lacking in air or sunlight again, and reduce the "door-phobia".\n\n. Talk to people who don\'t have this phobia, really listen to them and try not to judge them. Hear why they miss being outdoors, maybe even make tentative plans together. Right now you both have a legitimate reason to be afraid, and there\'s no better time to gain understanding of each other. Try not to isolate too much. \n\n. Practice general self-care. There\'s nothing you can do to change this situation right now, but you can change how you feel about it and how strong you are in the face of it. Use that nice bubble bath or bottle of wine you\'ve been saving. Washing your hands a whole lot? Remember to lather on the moisturiser. Buy yourself a small treat if you can afford it: a new blanket, an oil burner or diffuser, that game you\'ve been wanting to play, an online course you\'ve been eyeing. Try meditation (free trial of Headspace??), rewatch your favourite childhood movie, write an old-fashioned love letter. \n\n\n\nTake care, everyone. Lots of love, wherever you\'re at and however you\'re feeling!', 'Just came across this on Twitter. ', 'Can some girls answer this for me?Anyone have bouts that are worse when they’re close to their periods? \n\nI went to the grocery store and had a panic attack while out.  It’s been a while since I’ve had that issue.  I also had some flutters in my chest which made things worst for me.  But does their agoraphobia get worse when their period is about to start?', 'RelapseI considered my agoraphobic basically in remission. I only got anxious to leave the house about once a month. Going to work wasn’t fun, but it wasn’t so much the leaving the house as it was the working. And now I feel like a 180 backslide. I work in a medical field so I’m essential but oh my god I just want to stay home. I am so jealous of everyone working from home right now. And work isn’t itself stressful, in fact there’s less going on. All I really have to do is just be there and clean a little. Make sure people are alive. But just the dissociation when I get closer to having to leave for my shift. I feel so stupid and weak that this is a nightmare and it’s not even that bad for me, you know? At least I have income right now. But all I want to do it puzzles in pajamas with my cat and not even have to consider going outside. God damn it. Thank you for reading my rant. I just needed a release to people who would understand even if only one person reads this.', 'Im Spiraling Thanks To My JobI’m a full time grocery store stocker. Believe me, if I lived in an area where working from home was feesible I’d do it and not have to be in the position I’m in. I was diagnosed with agoraphobia last year, and my job is literally the only time I leave my house. For a while I felt like the exposure therapy due to my job was slowly starting to help... \n\nAnd then the coronavirus happened. \n\nIt’s in my state, and surrounding counties. The only reason mine doesn’t have any reported cases is because we are incredibly rural and it has been said by the sheriff that we have no tests at all in the county. It’s here, it’s just unreported. \n\nAnd being a grocery worker the past few weeks have been hard. No one is listening to stay at home precautions or six feet apart social distancing. My anxiety is becoming unbearable and I’ve had multiple panic episodes in the past two weeks to the point my bosses know about it now. \n\nThere’s a knot in my stomach that makes me nauseous the moment I leave my house to come here. I’m tense as hell for nine hours straight, trying to dodge people and my voice cracking with anxiety when I ask them to give me space. People look at me like I’m crazy. I probably am at this point honestly. \n\nI want to quit and stay home where it’s safe, but all my insurance is tied to my job. No time off is being approved either, and though I do have four sick days if I use them they count against me in my six month evaluation. I’m getting no hazard pay or compensation of any kind. Nearly all of our part timers quit bc of the virus so if I bail things will be even harder for my coworkers...\n\nThis is the third time in two hours I’ve had to run to the bathroom to stop myself from crying. I don’t know how I’m going to keep going without losing my shit.', "social distancing sucks. anyone want to make a new friend?the lack of socialization during this social distancing is getting difficult for me. i'm wondering if anyone from this sub wants to be pals and chat via text or phone or whatever. i've made some great friends through this sub before and i find it so awesome to talk to people who actually get and live agoraphobia too.\n\nabout me: 27/M/Canada. i love metal music + other genres, art, various genres of TV/film, mostly old-school gaming, nature/pets and a bunch of other stuff. i've been struggling with agoraphobia since 2013, i also deal with depression and social anxiety.\n\nHMU if you think maybe we'd make good friends.", "Here is a new tune I've recorded in isolation. Thanks a lot for your support on my last track, means so much! (I record music in my room due to agoraphobia) ", 'could definitely use some friends for the mandated stay at homeWas making a lot of progress now I feel everything has been put on hold. Anyone else feel the same way?', "I need help. I'm not eating.Earlier this week I was up late and tried to fall asleep and it didn't happen. I got hungry and had a couple bowls of cereal. After which I quickly became anxious. Maybe it was the fact that I was tired and so my ability to control my anxiety was lower, I don't know, but I freaked out about putting something in my body I couldn't get out. I tried throwing up and couldn't make myself do it. Which only made things worse. Because then I felt even more trapped and also ashamed I tried to do that. Ultimately nothing bad happened other than two hours of heightened anxiety/panic and trying to distract myself from it with other things until I could fall asleep.\n\nThe next day (rather later that day) I only ate a few slices of salami and a little pasta salad. Same the next day but also added three quarters of a hot dog. The day after that I had a few slices of salami and a half a slice of corn bread with butter and freaked out again. This time calling the suicide prevention hotline because I needed someone to talk to (first time I've ever done that) and also drove myself to my doctors office. Yesterday I didn't eat at all because I was up all night and day trying to reset my sleep cycle and didn't want to eat while I was tired. For fear I would freak out again. I told myself that today I would eat. But I really didn't. I had about five or six small spoonfuls of chicken broth. That's it.\n\nI should also mention I'm an agoraphobic, so I can't go far from home. All of my anxiety issues revolve around a fear of being trapped or more specifically, not being able to get out of a situation fast enough. This is the same. But this is a much bigger problem, because if I don't eat, I die. So it has me really worried and really feeling weak.\n\nDoes anyone have any suggestions for me? This feels like such a stupid thing to be anxious over. I wish it would just go away. I'm 41 and never had this problem.\n\nTLDR: I'm not eating because I'm anxious about putting something in my body I can't get it back out if I want. Need suggestions to overcome this.", "Had the most pleasant trip to the store in my life (I'm 22)Unfortunately a virus is the cause of this pleasant trip since everyone was saying away from me at which was so nice. I didn't even have any anxiety issues and at the time I didn't take my meds.", 'Imagine ...Imaging living life like a normal person, without anxiety... \n\nIm sitting in a parking lot right now. Smoking a cigarette trying to calm my mind. First time out of the house since Friday. Having a weird feeling. I wish I never existed. I just feel like lying under my blanket for the rest of my life.... I don’t feel like living. I don’t wanna work, cook food every night and handle everything that life throws at me. I just can’t. \n\nAnd I don’t know what I should do.', 'Do weird/nasty encounters with random people occur with any frequency to you?I’m going to add a little context/some examples in the comments section.\n\nBasically I’ve had a ridiculous amount of shit from random people when I’ve been out and about for my whole life; countless instances of physical abuse and verbal abuse and general harassment from random people having done nothing to provoke them on top of the bullying I faced at school, in college, at my voluntary job and at both of the proper jobs I had. I’m traumatised as a result, suffering from suspected C-PTSD.\n\nI understand that shitty things happen to everybody, but this is too much to be normal. Had anybody else experienced an unreasonable amount of horrible stuff from complete strangers when going about your daily life?', "Agoraphobia/EmetophobiaDoes anyone in this sub have emetophobia and agoraphobia? Because I'd safely say that I have agoraphobic tendencies triggered by my Emetophobia. (Emetophobia is an extreme fear of all things related to throwing up) I'm still just learning about agoraphobia, but for me I hate being in situations where I feel like I can't escape, but it's different to claustrophobia, because I can handle small spaces as long as I feel like I can escape. I hate big meetings and I always scope out the nearest exit. I always feel like I have to be close to a door. I don't like being in situations that are out of my control. Does anyone understand this? Is this similar to what anyone else experiences? Please feel free to correct me if I'm wrong. I understand that for a lot of people agoraphobia is the fear of wide open spaces", "I took a 30 minute walk every single day, for the past week. Going out again in a minuteGiven the current situation in Sarajevo and completely shutting down of any kind public transport (two weeks ago), which is my only source of transport, I feel proud for achieving this. This was the only thing I could do.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI have accepted the fact that I will FOR SURE lose a lot of my progress during the pandemic, that is unavoidable. But there is nothing I can do about that and I have simply stopped worrying about it.\n\nYou should do the same because **setback is unavoidable.** Agoraphobia is relentless and recovery form it requires extraordinarily commitment. Even skipping a SINGLE day always had an effect on me in the terms of apprehension anxiety and anxiety in general. \n\nThis shit has barely started and it is going to do a lot of damage to must of us here. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n**I am not advocating that you should go out and risk infecting yourself or anyone else, it's for you to decide weather it is SAFE or NOT to go for a walk.**\n\nFor me, it is. During those 7 days I have probably meet less than 10 people in total during my walks.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI am posting this in an attempt to motivate you to do your best during those difficult times.\n\nBasically, there is nothing else to do but accept the fact that recovery is currently on hold. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI am still a bit mad at myself because I did not give it my all prior to all this, and the post I wrote 7 days ago kind of motivated me.  [https://www.reddit.com/r/Agoraphobia/comments/fngwh5/my\\_biggest\\_fear\\_is\\_not\\_catching\\_a\\_virus\\_or\\_dying/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Agoraphobia/comments/fngwh5/my_biggest_fear_is_not_catching_a_virus_or_dying/) \n\nMainly because while everyone is worrying about the effect of the corona virus and will they catch it or, I worry about getting CURED in case I catch it.", "Hello, I was wondering if any of you feel motivated by the coronavirus? lolHello, I had agoraphobia for about 6 years, I still sort of do, but have been going out more in the past year thanks to improv classes, it's been a struggle and a very long story. For another time.\n\nBut with recent events (coronavirus) because I had to stay inside, it's been motivating me to go out more. I just wrote an article about this on [Medium](https://medium.com/@YoAntoNeo/ironically-the-coronavirus-helped-my-agoraphobia-1f47d67d7ef5)  if you want to check it out.\n\nEither way, I was wondering if any of you feel the same? The more you're told to stay home, the more you feel like wanting to go out?", "Agoraphobia DocumentaryHello everyone, I hope you're all well. I'm a Producer at a production company called Dramadan - we're currently working on a new documentary series exploring Agoraphobia. I would love the opportunity to speak to anyone in the group who suffers from **Agoraphobia** for initial research purposes. Please feel free to message me directly if you're interested.", 'Horrible validationI feel so validated right now.. and I don’t want to. There isn’t much more to say, I just always wanted to feel like my agoraphobia was unjustified... now it is. So how do I heal from here?', "I don't go out because I don't trust peopleI have extreme paranoia of others while being in public. I feel someone will hurt me or I'll trust someone that I am not supposed to. Anyone else?", 'Welcome to my world!I don’t know if this is really weird, or bad, or dismissive to say.. but I (34F) have been pretty severely agoraphobic for around 6 years. To the point where I do not leave the house alone, I do not use public transport, I can go places with people I trust (my husband, a friend, my mum), but not alone. \n\nThe thing I’m feeling right now is that finally the rest of the world feels how I feel. Finally everyone knows what it is to be terrified of the world, to spend 90% of your time inside your house, to rely on support from others (welfare, delivery, support workers etc). \n\nObviously I understand that this health crisis is awful- but I am feeling comforted by people finally having to spend some time in my shoes. You want to buy something? Too bad, you can’t. You want to see your friends? Too bad you can’t.  I know it’s different, but wow.. this is actually improving my mental health! I - unlike all of my friends and family- am trained for this. I know how to do this. I am the expert for once... \n\nMy friends are saying “how will I be productive alll day now that I’m confined to my home and have no job?” Well guess what? I know all the tricks! And because of the crisis- all the stuff I couldn’t access before or had to pay lots for- is suddenly free! \n\nI don’t in any way want to imply that this crisis is a good thing, but personally, it is a actually helping me feel less alone. \n\nDo you know what I’m getting at? \n\n\n(Oh and just to be clear I AM affected by this crisis- because of my mental illness I don’t work and I rely on my husbands income, which is under threat and has already been significantly cut. I have also lost the majority of the day to day support I receive through NDIS (government disability funding) because of social distancing laws. We are struggling financially and in other ways. I am not at all discounting these losses).', 'Trying to do exposures but in quarantineHi! \nI am in CBT right now and due to the COVID -19 pandemic - we need to self isolate, which makes it hard to get out and do exposures (ex. Mainly highway driving, being passenger). Does anyone have any video suggestions that I could use to emulate such situation ? \nThank u', 'What treatment helped you overcome or at least start to overcome your agoraphobia? ', 'My progress is getting worseBefore this quarantine, I was able to walk from my house to my school. Granted, it’s a 5 minute walk, but I can’t even step outside now. This quarantine has limited me so much, more than I even thought possible. I hate it when I feel okay, so I go to the kitchen to get some food, but then the thoughts and the panic hits me and all I can think is “what if I get a panic attack?”', 'Does this disorder actually ever go away?I’ve been dealing with this since 12/22.  \n\nIt’s gotten better.  I am able to drive about an hour away on good days.  But there isn’t many good days.  Since this pandemic has been going on, I maybe drive locally once every few days.  My exposure therapy has came to a stand still.  And today, I went to a grocery store 5 minutes away, and panicked really bad.  One of my triggers is night time, though so I applaud myself for going at 10 pm.  It’s been 3 months and I’m not 100% yet.  I don’t want to be this way forever.  I want to be able to go out and live.  All I do is sit in my room and play on my switch all day.  I hate it.', 'Exposure therapy during pandemic?Starting April 12 I go back to work.  It’s an hour away from my house with traffic so the days I work, I’m staying at my moms house.  It’s a 14 minute drive from there.  Issue is, I’m terrified to leave my house.  The good news is, my new boss is my old coworker.  And it’s a job I’ve worked at before, just took a break for a while.  So I know someone there at least.  I am just worried that with this pandemic, I haven’t been able to do exposure therapy as much as I should and hve been getting worse.  :/ my state is on a stay at home order as well.  So I can’t really leave after 8 pm.  And of course, my main agoraphobic trigger is leaving my house after dark.  :( I really want to get better, but I keep getting kicked when I’m down.  I’m crying in my room.  What can I do for exposure right now?', 'I left the house (for necessities) and witnessed one of my fears happen in front of me :( now I never want to go outside againBefore the quarantine I was pretty sure I was beginning to develop agoraphobia out of an intense fear of dying or being attacked in public. I still went outside for work and school because I needed to and I still enjoyed going outside to non-busy areas and shopping. Overall I was definitely a homebody at the very least.\n\nI began to feel worse because of the quarantine. I don’t want to go out unless I have to so I don’t get the virus (even if I wasn’t afraid I’d still stay home of course!). When I do go out, I feel like the virus could be anywhere.\n\nToday I decided to bite the bullet after staying inside for 2 weeks and go by myself to the store for some cleaning supplies and deposit a cheque at my bank’s ATM (very minimal contact with people overall). On my way there I passed a group of 3 guys who were loud and acting weird, one of them went up to a random dude near me as I was waiting for the light to change and whispered something to him and looked at me. I shrugged it off because I live in a big city and lots of people have mental health issues so I’ve seen weird behaviour before. \n\nUnfortunately the store was closed for the day so I turned around and headed back in the direction I came from, and the 3 guys were headed toward me walking in the opposite direction. I put on a neutral expression and walked by them with no incident, but then about 10 seconds later I heard a man cry out in fear and the guys were randomly shoving him and harassing him! They walked away after just being assholes to this random man and I immediately panicked and rushed off which I feel awful about. I just headed home instead of going to the ATM because I saw a guy hanging around the ATM lobby and I was already freaked out and couldn’t handle it (could’ve been a security guard but I couldn’t tell).\n\nSo now I’m here still anxious and upset and I never want to go outside again because the guy walking behind me got randomly assaulted by these guys. It wasn’t me they attacked but they could’ve made the choice to assault me only a few seconds earlier instead, which is the entire reason I’m afraid to leave my house! If they went for me it would’ve definitely messed me up to some degree because I’m a weak young woman and they were 3 strong looking guys in their mid 20s. I also feel terrible because I’m thinking about myself who is completely fine and not the other guy who actually got shoved around. I hope he’s ok, physically he was fine otherwise I would have at least called 911 instead of taking off.\n\nI knew random assaults happened in my city but I’ve never seen it happen before, let alone in my neighbourhood, so now my fear feels justified. I still need to go to the store and I WANT to go to the store, but I’m afraid to go in that area again. And this all occurred when it was still pretty light out on a main street, so now not even daytime feels safe (I never leave my house in the dark alone).\n\nI don’t want to be like this. I want to enjoy life again. I don’t want to live in fear and anxiety of being attacked. I know it’s irrational but then again this actually happened 10 feet away from me so now it feels rational. I don’t know what to do and no one close to me knows how I feel aside from a couple friends who live far away. I feel like I can’t even tell my boyfriend because he’ll just tell me I just need to go outside, I texted him about it on my way home and he just said “that’s life, always be aware of your surroundings” (like I’m not constantly on the edge of a panic attack all the time). When I got home today he didn’t understand why I was still shook up about it.\n\nThanks for reading if you got through all that, I’m half-venting half-looking for advice :(', "Want gf but having troubles with going outsideI just don't understand my thinking at all. It irritates me everytime when I see a girl I like. Like what the hell. I know I am not in a good mental state for a relationship, yet want it nonetheless. Why? What should I do? Please, post your thoughts down below.", 'Looking for Agoraphobia book recommendationsAny recommendations for books that have helped you would be appreciated.', 'If you’ve been on Gabapentin, did it lower sex drive?\n\n[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/ftnsmk)', 'Opportunity to share your storyHello, I am working on a social documentary for one of my college courses with the focus on being how people manage to stay connected during the pandemic. I wanted to get the insight from someone who are affected by agoraphobia because I assume they would have the most experience/ most interesting story to tell. Please let me know if you are interested.', 'My Success Story (Long post)(Oops I really only meant this to be a few paragraphs but now it\'s extremely long, my bad lmao) \n\nSo for the past 4 years, I\'ve been struggling with panic disorder and agoraphobia. The first two and a half years of it were hell; I had no coping mechanisms, very little understanding of my disorder, and I was just overall a complete wreck of a person. I only left my home to pick up weed, and any moment spent not high was spent drunk or asleep because I couldn\'t bare the reality of my life: that I was everything I had always promised myself I would never be at the ripe old age of 18.\n\nI joke that I spent those two years on pause because I simply didn\'t do anything. I dropped out of school, my only job experience had been a contributing factor to my agoraphobia, and my depression kept me from doing anything other than sitting in bed watching the same shows and videos on repeat. I isolated myself from everyone. I had multiple panic attacks a day if I wasn\'t stoned, and sometimes even still the panic could push through the high. I was a prisoner in my own body (a feeling only amplified by the fact that I\'m trans and my agoraphobia and panic had caused me to have too much needle anxiety to continue hormones) and I had no idea how to get out.\n\nAfter about a year and a half of living the same exact day over and over, I finally started looking into what I needed to do to overcome this. I\'ve had Generalized Anxiety Disorder and OCD since I was 7 or 8, so I at least had a leg-up in navigating the world of therapy and medication. I found out that CBT was one of the most effective therapies in treating panic&amp;agoraphobia, so I found a practice near me that specialized in it. I scheduled an appointment with high hopes.\n\nI spent most of my first appointment throwing up in their bathroom, sobbing intermittently, and just generally being a mess. My mom drove me and endured my extreme panic attacks on the way there and on the way home. I saw my therapist once a week and began making a plan for exposure therapy. But here\'s the problem: I was so weighed down by the idea that I had no control over my panic that I barely did any of the exposures. Our plans of having me walk into a restaurant with my family or ask a store employee for help with my shopping felt more like plans to free-dive in a murky river full of starved piranhas; In other words, I didn\'t do my exposures. I was so ashamed of myself that I began lying to my therapist, telling her vague stories of my "experiences" while out and feeling like the worst human imaginable when I left her office.\n\nAfter a few months, I confessed to my therapist that I had been lying about my progress. She was understanding and thanked me for confessing, but repeated an earlier suggestion that I needed a higher level of care. I couldn\'t do this on my own, so I did the unthinkable (to an agoraphobic, anyway): I packed my bags to go to a town 3 hours away to do an intensive outpatient program. \n\nI will never forget the panic attack I had upon arriving in my hotel room and fully realizing what I had done. I had just committed to an indefinite amount of time away from my home, away from my dogs, away from weed, away from any comfort I had in the past two years. I crawled into the closet of the room, curled up in a ball, and cried harder and longer than I ever have in my life. After a half hour, my mom coaxed me out of the closet and onto the bed, where I began begging her to let me bow out and return home. I remember whispering "I can\'t do this" like a broken record, just rocking myself and crying. My poor mother tucked me in and sat with me until I fell asleep. \n\nThe next day was my first of therapy, and I didn\'t fare much better. I had never felt such a visceral need to *run*, I didn\'t care where, I just needed out of that building, out of the car, out of my own skin. I met with my new behavioral specialist and she spent about 20 minutes calming me down before we began speaking about anything at all. She immediately taught me multiple grounding exercises (my favorite is counting backwards from 300 by 7) but carried on with a level of ease that I wasn\'t used to dealing with when panicking. She didn\'t coddle me, didn\'t try to tell me that everything would be okay. She simply told me to be in the moment and continued our talk.\n\nWithin days, I was doing exposures. My first involved calling businesses and asking them questions. I remember sitting in my patient room and feeling like the biggest moron in the world, calling Target and asking a question while holding back my hyperventilating. But by the end of the week, I was shocked. I had done things  that I couldn\'t dream of doing only days before, and every exposure was a little easier than the last.\n\nThis was my life for two months. Everyday, Monday through Friday, I would wake up at 7am and go to the therapy center. I would do treatment for seven hours, then go back to my hotel and continue whatever "homework" I had received. It was absolutely one of the hardest things I\'ve ever done. I had plenty of moments where I wanted to quit, plenty of moments where I felt that the pain and suffering simply wasn\'t worth it anymore. But my behavioral specialist pushed me through all of it. At times it felt harsh, sometimes even cruel, but it was always for my own good. These "negative" experiences were building my tolerance to social anxiety and panic in a controlled environment where I knew the consequences were never too dire. Over time, my "impossible" low-level exposures seemed laughably easy to me. \n\nAfter moving to a lower intensity therapy program, I felt I was ready to return home and move on with my life. I was beginning to feel depressed by isolation, as all my family and friends were a 3 hour drive away (which, while not terrifying anymore, was still pretty inconvenient for someone who needed a solid support system). In hindsight, I probably should\'ve stayed in the program a little longer, but I was so eager to go back home and start achieving my goals. Leaving earlier than I should\'ve lead to me not completely working through my addiction, but since the addiction was mostly caused by the agoraphobia, I figured it would be easier to manage. \n\nI\'ve been home from the program for about a year and a half now, and while there have been lots of small setbacks, I\'m doing things that would\'ve made my head spin 4 years ago. I\'ve returned to school (taking one-two classes a semester) and started a job as a pet sitter. This involves me meeting with strangers, leaving my home multiple times a day, and gets at a bunch of other little anxiety triggers that I have. When I started doing an every-day regular walking job, I woke up 5 hours early every morning for a week and panicked and vomited and just generally felt like my life was over. I was terrified that this was it, I was going to relapse fully and never do anything again.\n\nBut now I\'m a month in, and it\'s become normal to me. No more panic, no more puking. The anticipatory anxiety is slowly but surely winding down, and every day I surprise myself by how willing I am to do it. I\'m shocked that I\'m not drowning because for so long, I was positive that that\'s the kind of person I was: someone who would never be able to function like a "regular" person. My anxiety had convinced me that it was at the reigns and without it, I would be dead, but now I know for a fact that I have control and my anxiety is just a backseat driver, so to speak. I listen to my anxiety, acknowledge its presence and its validity, and then return my attention to the road. Sometimes it\'s quiet, sometimes it\'s loud, and sometimes it\'s grabbing the headrest of my seat and shaking the car and pounding on the windows, but I\'m always still the one behind the wheel. \n\nI\'m still learning and growing. I still make mistakes, still get lost in panic and worry. But I know I won\'t ever return to the place I was in because I\'ve seen what I can be and what I can do. I had lost faith in myself completely, but I won\'t ever let that happen again. I know that I owe it to myself to live a full life, full of triumphs and defeats, happiness and sorrow. I don\'t need to shield myself from negative emotions or experiences because I can always bounce back from them. \n\nAnd that\'s what I wanted anyone experiencing agoraphobia or panic disorder to know: that you are strong, resilient, and you can survive this. That life might not be perfect, or even close to what you thought it would be, but that\'s okay. Your life is precious and unique and the good that can come from growing from such terrible pain can be huge. Let yourself experience life in its entirety, let yourself feel the hurt of facing your fear, because I promise, there is an unmatched joy in standing up after you\'ve been knocked down. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI hope this maybe helped someone, or maybe was just an interesting read. Like I said at the top, I really only intended this to be a few paragraphs but it, uh...kinda got away from me (obviously lmao). I know times are really tough right now and a lot of things seem hopeless, but we always have the power to make it a little bit better. My DMs are open to anyone, whether you want advice or just someone to vent to.', 'mature woman seeks extra income. ', 'Welp, looks like I’m regressing.Lately, my agoraphobia has gotten better.  Until today.  Today, my boyfriend wanted food from McDonald’s and with the pandemic going on, lines have been crazy.  Nearest McDonald’s is 10 minutes away.  We got all the way there before I went into full panic mode when I saw the line wrapped around the building.  I freaked out thinking “what if something happens and we’re stuck in the line” or “what if I panic in the line” so I cried and begged for him to take me all the way back home.  \n\nMy boyfriend is supportive and decided that he’s going to be doing exposure with me starting tomorrow.  Lately, I’ve been doing exposure therapy on my own (when I’m anxious I like to be alone).  He thinks I should have him with to throw off my “comfort zone”.  He likes loud rap music I like calm pop.  So he feels putting me in a situation I’m not used to, will help.  Usually I can get food without anyone.  Or even drive a whole hour away, for some reason if someone is with me I panic.  Anyone else?', 'Get meds?How to get meds?\n\nHow to get meds?\n\nI am a female 41 with 2 kids 220lbs. I do not smoke, I do not drink alcohol of any kind, I do not do any recreational drug use. I am taking blood pressure medication, anxiety and panic disorder medication, and insomnia medication because my blood pressure is high my anxiety and panic are high and I cannot sleep. I have spoken to my pharmacy, I have spoken to my psychiatrist, I have spoken to my pharmacy insurance company, and finally I have spoken to my health insurance company.\n\nFlat out, I am terrified that I will run out of medication. Pharmacy will not fill or overfill medications and doctors seem to be clueless as to what to do in that situation.\n\nWhat do I do to keep my medication the same?\n\nExperts are recommending that people have at least a 30 to 90 day supply of their regular prescriptions on hand. However, some health programs limit the quantity of prescription drugs a person may obtain at one time, or the number of times they may refill a prescription. Insurance companies, state Medicaid programs, and other payors need to relax these rules now to ensure that people are able to have the drugs they need. The sections below describe the rules that currently limit quantities and refills for prescription drugs, as well as strategies to help people obtain additional quantities of medications or refill a prescription in the wake of the COVID-19 emergency.', '😈 ', 'Getting worseI was diagnosed with agoraphobia 3 years ago and recently it has been getting worse. I recently got done with in home therapy (therapist comes to my house and talks to me) and i was supposed to start seeing a therapist outside, But due to the epidemic I cant.  My agoraphobia has been getting worse to the point I cant even watch videos of people doing social interactions, even in a damn video game. I start freaking out and I dont have a support system. I dont wanna deal with this alone, Its hard enough as is.', 'My therapist wants to take a walk around my neighborhood with me and bring her cute dog; I haven’t been outside in at least a month.I never knew therapists could be so kind! I’m terrified but really, I’m just....so touched someone would want to spend time with me. She wants to help walk alongside me and be there for me to accustom me to the outside world again. I’m terrified because I’m a very physically weak person, I have health anxiety that I’ll faint or something because I get dizzy and vertigo attacks and the like. I haven’t gone walking since the summer. I loved walking before but my fear of my health changed everything. I feel like a huge burden to everyone around me. Knowing my therapist wants to take the time out of her day to spend time with me and help me is just really wholesome to me. I may be scared shitless, but I’m happy.', 'i hate this its making me so sadbecause of my agoraphobia i missed two months of college. its making sad because i know i will fail my exames in june. i feel useless and im afraid i will never be able to go to school or work in the future because of this fear. i dont know what to do i feel hopeless.', 'Went to a therapist again and have started easing my way into exposure therapy. ', 'I don’t know what to do.I’ve had anxiety disorders my entire life, but I was diagnosed when I was 15 . Around last December, I developed agoraphobia, I break out in hives, get chest pains, and start hyperventilating and crying when I even think about going outside. But I managed with work and school. \nIt has gotten way way worse since Corona. \nI got covid and was quarantined for two weeks, and on Monday I’m expected to come back to work. I’ve been having panic attacks everyday for the past three days thinking about having to leave my house.\nMy parents, who are super amazing and supportive, took me to the store with them and I broke down crying in the middle of the aisle of both stores we went to. \nI don’t want to enable myself, but I also need to take care of myself, because trying to force myself is really taking its toll on my body. I’m barely eating and sleeping.\nDo I take a break from work or just suck it up and deal with it?', 'Some hope for some, and also asking adviceHi all, I’ve posted my story here a couple years ago but it appears my account from then has been deleted. -shrug- Anyway, a little background, when I was 23 (27 now), I went into a period of agoraphobia that was exceptionally bad. Couldn’t leave my bedroom, terror struck just getting up to go in my kitchen, panic attacks kept me awake for days on end, couldn’t even take a shower without panicking. Didn’t eat for weeks except a few bites of toast and a swig of pedialyte every couple days. Lost about 80 pounds. My doctor called it being “paralyzed with fear”, which was 100% accurate. I may as well have been paralyzed. TMI, I was peeing in bottles just to avoid going into my own bathroom. I couldn’t afford a psychologist that could work with me via Skype, and a psychiatrist wouldn’t help as I also have emetophobia and medication side effects terrify me. Over time, I decided it was time to practice. I tried walking to my mailbox, it was awful. But I did it. Tried again a couple days later, a little less awful. Tried again, awful again. That seemed to be a trend. Practicing sucked, and there were speed bumps in whether it was a good day or a bad day. But after long enough, I started practicing driving to the culdesac across from mine. For reference, that’s less than a football field and back. Over a few days time I started practicing turning down the street and around the block. It was horrifying the first couple of times, then it wasn’t anymore. I adjusted. It became familiar again. I’d get so proud of myself that the next time I’d try to beat my last distance. Fast forward about a year. I can drive to most of my town! I live in a small town, 10 minutes to get from one end to the other with traffic. Driving is still hard with passengers, but to this day I’m still driving all over my town with about 85% success and no anxiety. I still struggle heavily trying to go into any stores. Fast forward another year. I’ve worked hard on stores. I can go in them, but the checkout part is hard. Sometimes I have my wife do it for me so I can walk away. I’ve driven out of town a couple of times, never to go in anywhere, just to say I reached whatever town and back. Cut to today. It’s been about four years now since the original episode plagued me. I can go into most stores, some days are better than others. I can do the checkout 90% of the time. Especially if it’s a small shopping trip. I can drive anywhere in town, sometimes even the outskirts. I still don’t really like having passengers, but I manage. \n\nAnd this week (here’s the part I could use advice on), I start a job again for the first time in four years. Just at a pizza joint, I figured I should start slow. I worked there before I went into hiding and I want to go back to where I took the wrong direction and do it right this time. But I’m so nervous to start working again. The fear of not being able to leave whenever I want, or to embarrass myself somehow, to panic during the shift. Or worst case scenario, leave and not come back. Losing my chance at an income again. Has anyone here had the experience of not being able to work at all, then going back to work again successfully? I managed to get through the interview and I know the job very well, my nerves just have me shaken up. Any recommendations for keeping my cool while I’m there would be nice.\n\nAt any rate, I’m sure I’ve probably trailed off and made little sense of myself somewhere in this, sorry that it’s a novel long. \n\nThanks for reading, I hope this might encourage some, and fingers crossed some people that have made it to the other side can give me some advice. Wishing good health to you all!', "Sometimes when my anxiety gets bad I can't even go out to the local shop to buy food.And I would rather stay hungry. Today I somehow managed to go but I didn't buy a detergent because it was on a high shelf and I was afraid to ask for help. Also I have to buy some medication and I can't even go to the pharmacy.", "I feel like I'm beginning to show signs of agoraphobia.I already suffer from clinical depression and occasional anxiety. Ever since the beginning of last month, my sympathetic nervous system has been redlining. I'm afraid to go downstairs to my mudroom to even touch packages from the outside. I can't go outside without wearing a full face R95 respirator and suiting up in protective gear and weapons or I have a panic attack. The idea of going to the grocery store down the street is terrifying. The only way I can feel safe while getting fresh air is my second floor balcony.\n\nI have to go downtown to get a refill of my prescription soon or I'm going to run out. I'm terrified and I'm beginning to feel intrusive thoughts about things being unclean. Am I beginning to show signs of agoraphobia?", 'I’m getting used to being quarantinedRight before the quarantine and I had actually been getting out more often. I tend to do better when the weather is nice and can get outside into nature. Now I am enjoying being home for the most part and not having to drive. That is one of my biggest stresses since I live in a city with some congested streets and terrible traffic patterns. For the first two weeks I was really scared about getting the virus, and pretty much assumed I had been exposed. Now it has been three weeks since I have been in a store or other public place. I have only been getting delivery or curbside pickup that is contact free, exercising indoors and observing nature in my backyard. I’m actually feeling scared about the quarantine being lifted. One of my fears is it being lifted too early and having to take my kids to school even if it doesn’t seem safe.', 'I’m seeing a lot of posts about discouragement, let’s do a thread about our small victories :)I’ll start.  \n\n\nSo, I am not giving up on exposure therapy in the midst of this.  We have a curfew of 8 pm, but we can still leave before and after if it’s a necessity.  I woke up, took a shower without jumping out with panic (I don’t like showers), did my hair and makeup and got in my car and just drove.  Before I knew it, I was 20 miles away from my house.  I will admit, I did panic at the thought, but I jumped off the highway and took state routes home.  Once I got 3 minutes away, I calmed down and drove back south again!  Made it 10 miles away and got a call that my friend needed a ride to her mom’s.  I was a bit worried because of everything that is going on, but I have Lysol in my car and disinfected everything lol.  Now I am home and I feel accomplished :) \n\n\nPost your victories!!! Big or small!  Some times it’s just good to even get out of bed!!', 'How do you get over the fact that you’ve missed out on large portions of your life?So basically from the age of 16 to 26 I missed out on because of agoraphobia. I had to drop out of school at 16 and after that I stopped really living. How do I cope with that? I missed out on the best years of my life, I can’t ever get that back or make up for lost time. It’s like I went to sleep as a teenager and woke up as an adult one day randomly and I have no clue what to do or how to do it. \n\nThe other day I was talking to someone about this and they said it was sad because their junior and senior years of high school were amazing and they were sad for me that I missed those years. They started telling me stories of that time in their life and I broke down and anxiety rose up and I wanted to self harm so bad. I didn’t but still. \n\nHow do I get over this?', "A discussion about online/Zoom therapyHello everyone\n\nI've recently transitioned to remote therapy sessions because of COVID-19.\n\nAs I'm sure we all know, telemental health— namely, live therapy sessions through technology/services like Zoom — has been on the rise in recent years, but is currently spiking because of COVID-19 and the need for everyone to stay indoors.\n\nMany therapists are adapting quickly and transitioning to remote sessions via apps like Zoom, including my own therapist. This is fantastic and is working for a lot of people, but, as I'm sure other patients and therapists on this sub are experiencing, many important parts of our usual therapy is getting left behind at the office.\n\nFor example, my therapist and I usually make use of an Oculus VR headset or actual physical objects/things for my exposure therapy. Now, we have to do things verbally or by sending links of images/videos. Additionally, my therapist usually gets a close-quarters view of my reaction and state of anxiety during our sessions, but this is significantly more difficult over video call (webcam quality, lag, etc.)\n\nIf you're a therapist, I'd really appreciate it if you could fill out my survey: https://forms.gle/SkY9jkz7K8vBfkWs8. I'd love to understand this problem from your perspectives. This might turn into a research project at a later stage, but your answers from this survey won't be included there. My apologies if links aren't allowed here.\n\nOtherwise, looking forward to discussing this with everyone and hearing your thoughts &amp; experiences so far :).", 'I told him and he was supportive! 🥰🥰🥰I\'ve been seeing someone virtually because of social distancing.  He also lives in another state.  It\'s been a very long time since I have felt this light and giddy over someone and the feeling is mutual.\n\nI really hope when we do meet in person, we will feel the same way.\n\nLast night I had an epiphany about the friendships and relationships I\'ve had for most of my life no longer serving me - I think I was blind to issues that truly affect me.  \n\nIt hurt to finally face the truth and realize a few of my closest friends are racists.\n\nThat, combined with with me feeling like I was holding this secret in, let to a sleepless night.\n\nBecause of his week work schedule, he was up last night so we Skyped in bed, lol.\n\nAnd I told him about me not leaving my house.  I was so afraid he would no longer be interested in dating me or making plans to visit...\n\nBut he asked respectful questions and allowed me to be vulnerable.  I felt supported and hopeful for the future. \n\nI am (or used to be) the kind of person who pushes through things so I assured him I would try not to let this limit our relationship.  \n\nIn fact, the girlfriend I spoke to earlier was floored when I revealed my issues; then she said, "It all makes sense now."  \n\nTo be honest, that right there should have let me know she was not a real friend.  Either I was incredibly great at hiding my agoraphobia when we lived in the same city and hung out often, or  she was just too self-absorbed to notice or care.  \n\nThe truth lies somewhere in between.\n\nI can\'t stop smiling.  I really think this guy might be worth it.  At the very least, I don\'t foresee him hurting me in any way.  He doesn\'t have a mean bone in his body.  \n\n🥰', 'Novels addressing agoraphobia experiences?Do you have any book recs (looking for fiction or maybe even memoir, rather than nonfiction like psychology or self-help related) that you’ve read that helped you to understand or feel seen or somehow frame your experiences? Even if it was just tangential rather than something involving agoraphobia directly?', 'I’m not sure if I’m afraid of leaving, or afraid of people.I started up instacart and it’s going really well, and was before this pandemic with my husband. I’m happy to leave my awful job and start something new where I can take days off without feeling anxious to call out and take mental days that I need. But it’s hard to do things alone. Am I afraid of seeing people or afraid of going outside? I can’t afford to stay home but everytime I think of work or driving or going out I feel so sick. When I’m with someone, I feel better. A lot better. My husband is getting upset that I’m so dependent. It’s ruining my life, though I feel like. I can’t get groceries alone, I don’t go to a post office alone, I hate going everywhere and everyone treats me like it’s a joke. But typing this I feel like crying. I feel so useless. I think I can do it, then when it comes down to doing it I become so scared. I kinda hate myself for it. I wanna be different. I just keep being told “you’ll be fine.” And I know that. But I don’t feel it. I just feel scared. I just needed to vent. I hate this. I hate needing money and going &amp; getting it then repeating the process of feeling better then feeling worse again.', "DerealizationMost of the time i feel dizzy and foggy. I feel my family and home a little bit strange. I relate this void to the memory: memories felt foggy, away, like if it has happened long long ago. It's hard to comunicate and put into words this sensation. Sometimes i can live normal feeling this way, but other times i feel scared. It wasn't happened all the time, sometimes last for days, weeks or months. It is relationated with panic and anxiety disorder? I even feel that way when i'm quiet and calm.\nI can only compare this with being stoned, i only smoked weed a few times, and its a little similar, but isn’t joyful. It cause me high levels of anxiety.", 'Agoraphobia-Fear of Open and Crowded Places-గుంపులు,బహిరంగ ప్రదేశాలంటే భయం ', 'Yesterday, my mom said I was arachnophobic instead of agoraphobic and it made me laugh so hard ', "[24M] starting a new internship in the summer but agoraphobia has been at its worse (sort of an introduction as Ive never really opened up online about this stuff)Hi everyone this is my first post on this sub, to make a long story short I am a 24yr old college student and I have dealt with a panic disorder for about 4 years now. Currently I feel as though im at my worse as simple tasks like grocery shopping or even being about to walk out of sight of my house is difficult.\n\nAnother note I may add is that my father had suggested carrying xanax with me when I go places when I was first getting these panic attacks, now If I dont have some access to xanax (even if i dont take it) I have horrible, crippling panic attacks. I hate taking xanax too but it feels almost necessary and that scares me.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nAnyways I start an internship at NASA for software design this summer which im super excited about, but have just an overwhelming fear of being able to even get there without needing daily xanax or something. Ive never reached out to support groups before but I do have a therapist. Ive had my ups and downs with the anxiety in the past few years but I truly need my life back because I just feel like im living a mere 1% of what I could be doing. I wanted to come here and see if anyone here had some suggestions.\n\nIve tried about 3 medicines, one was a Schizophrenic med given from a psychiatrist that made me feel insane, then two SSRI's that also made me feel insane and anxious haha. I have been unlucky with the meds. I try to walk daily even though its not very far from my house, or do pullups push ups ect. I sleep well but lately when laying down right before bed I get horrible horrible fears and scary thoughts.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nSorry to dump on you all, just kind of trying to see if other people have tips for maybe how I can approach this. Thank you again for reading !\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nedit: just wanted to add, is it ok to tell an employer about this? Ive had problems with jobs in the past where employers just get a bad view of me and think im just trying to skip out on work or not work at all because I never shared with them. I dont want that to happen with this job though and worry expressing this will have them have second thoughts.", 'He’s gonna leave me :(I am barely graduating from college because I have had a hard time just leaving my house, being around people in classes. I sometimes can’t even go to the grocery store. I reconnected with an old friend and we are in a LDR now and he just doesn’t understand the extent of which I am depressed and don’t want to go out.\nWe went out to eat and to the mall and I was on edge the entire time. He said I looked fine but I was so anxious. I barely ate because I was so anxious. \nHe is the type that wants to explore and go on adventures and I am just not... he’s my first boyfriend and I’ve already failed. I feel so much pressure to go places and go out and I can barely muster the energy to go on walks around the neighborhood. \nHe thinks I’m interesting and very attractive but how will that keep him? It won’t.', 'Recovering and Relapsing b/c of COVIDSo, generally I don\'t share anything, even online. Lately this topic of agoraphobia has been on my mind a lot because surprise --- years of my life inside, and paranoia since childhood. The last two years especially I\'ve made HUGE improvements, though I guess you can said it was a life long journey (31 now). I think right now from the "outside" no one would ever tell that I have this paranoia in my head everyday, or that there was a time where I didn\'t leave. And while I seem "cured" only other people who know about leaving fear and paranoia know that EVERY time I choose to go outside, I have this feeling. It\'s just whether or not you manage to go out or not. Rewind 6 yrs ago, I probably wasn\'t ready to TRY to go out.  This past year has been great, I felt the most stable and balanced than I ever have , probably because going out a lot you socialize more. I actually regularly took trips out of state this year as well. All in all, over and beyond with travelling, and not letting paranoia ruin my time out there. Now that everyone is staying at home for COVID-19, I find these thoughts about agoraphobia coming back. On one hand, seeing people get stuck at home feels surreal because now they are afraid of going outside, they are experiencing what we have already lived with in a way. And it almost feels like a "hermit pass". Like why couldn\'t it have happened when I was actually stuck inside? So a bit of resentment. On the other end of things, I felt like I made such improvements in my life (go outside regularly for gym, tennis, hiking, eating basically finding EXCUSES to go out, like I should have done in my 20s) ...but now I am forced to stay inside, and it\'s getting comfortable....it\'s making me think of why I was like this in the first place. Feels like I\'m "relapsing" on addiction. Last week officially stopped working out and being active with someone else. I went to the tennis court to practice on the wall and felt that familiar "solitude". Like I traded all my new pleasures for the comforts of an old friend. But I don\'t want to revert back to how I was. IT\'s SO familiar, it\'s TOO comfortable...Just hope once this is all over, I can resume what I was trying to achieve without turning back into the introspective paranoid scared-to-go-outside-but-loves-travelling person I was before...', "Podcast Episode with Sara Benincasa, author of the book AgorafabulousHi,\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI was able to interview Sara Benincasa, author of the book Agorafabulous, a memoir of her experience with agoraphobia in her early 20's. Sara is a fantastic writer and comedian and has an inspiring recovery journey, and I am posting it here in the hopes that it may help someone :)\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\n[http://comicsbookclub.libsyn.com/i-have-peed-in-bowls-w-sara-benincasa](http://comicsbookclub.libsyn.com/i-have-peed-in-bowls-w-sara-benincasa)", 'What are the best jobs?So for the past 3-4 months, I’ve developed agoraphobia.  It’s getting better I can leave my house, but not 100% to where I can go back to a high pressure job.  My current job is extremely high pressure.  I can’t go back.  It ruined my early 20’s.  So much stress and crying nights.  \n\nWhat are so jobs you recommend?  I know during this pandemic, it’s hard to get a. New job, but, what about when this is all over?', 'Friend is guilt tripping me..More of a vent post, but my friend who knows about my agoraphobia is guilt tripping me.  I’ve known her for years and she was my party buddy.  Loved going out and getting drunk with her.  My miscarriage last year triggered postpartum depression which developed my agoraphobia.  Well, she invited me to a party today, ha.. funny.  I declined and explained although now I am able to leave my house and able to go to the store and drive longer distances, parties are a lot for me and there’s NO WAY I’d be able to go.  Well, I guess the party is now over and she texted me asking for a ride home.  First off, one of my triggers is night time... and it’s almost 2 am.  Second of all, she is a good 40 minute drive from me.  I know I need exposure therapy, but I’m not trying to expose myself THAT much.  Her original ride passed out drunk and she doesn’t want to stay there all night.  For the past hour even after me telling her I couldn’t get her, she’s been calling me.  And guilt tripping me.  “I’m the only girl here” and “I don’t feel comfortable staying here all night”.  I feel bad, but honestly even without agoraphobia, I’d probably still not want to drive over an hour an a half at 2 am.  Especially with everything going on.  I wish my friends would understand it.  I’ve lost a few close friends to this mental illness already.  I know this time a year ago, I’d be down to do damn near anything, but things have changed.  It’s honestly making me feel worse like I can’t even get my friend from a party.  I was so happy today because my exposure therapy included me going to a busy store (my moms job) and meeting with her to grab some vitamins from her.  Which was 20 miles away.  I even took the highway, but now I feel like shit again.  \n\nThanks for reading, I just have no one in my life who understands', "Thought Record Worksheet [There's another version in the comments, I can't figure out which one I like using better] ", 'Beaten it againAfter a couple of difficult years I managed to beat agoraphobia for the second time. Had CBT and a meds review, started volunteering this time last year to get me out of the house in some sort of routine. I made goals for myself and hit them all. Learnt to drive and got a job before turning 30. In a strange turn of events, I am now the only person in my household that is working (due to Covid). I work for the NHS as a mental health support worker and I LOVE it. \n\nI came close to ending my life two years ago because I felt like I didn’t have the strength to overcome this again. But somehow I found it. It happens, it really does. Keep on trucking x', 'Well, this isn’t so badIt doesn’t happen often but from time to time I get so much pent up energy that I just feel the urge to go for a run and it’s usually strong enough to motivate me to leave the house... until I see other people. This morning the sky was clear, the air felt clean and the best part? Nobody around. My agoraphobia is strongly linked to social anxiety and AvPD so the sight of empty streets was something truly exhilarating to me. For once in a very long time I felt no anxiety, had no intrusive thoughts, no flight or fight responses... nothing at all, just the quiet and serene feeling that comes when you hear the birds chirping and see the sun rise. I know covid-19 is killing many people and it’s a terrible and tragic thing, but somehow I’m doing fine. Just wanted to share that.', "Isn't there a Discord server for this subreddit?Edit: I think I found old links, but they are all expired.\n\n**Suggestions for this sub:**\n\n* Please put a non-expiring Discord link in the About Community section, to make it easier to find. Please.", 'Top Apps To Help Whilst Isolating Whilst we continue to isolate there are a range of apps that you can use on your smart phone to ensure that you are doing what you can to maintain a healthy mind, body and connection with others. Below are a few of our tried and tested apps that we think will help you through this time. [https://questpsychologyservices.co.uk/blog/f/top-apps-whilst-isolating](https://questpsychologyservices.co.uk/blog/f/top-apps-whilst-isolating)', 'I forgot there was an episode of spongebob about thishttps://youtu.be/9i-zQgarqP0\n\n\nIs it sad this helps me not feel so alone?', 'Tips for exposure therapy?I am 3.5 months into exposure therapy.  Right now, I can go about 20 miles from my home.  I want to start working and I’ve had 3 jobs since agoraphobia set in.  But they were high paced and mentally demanding so they didn’t last longer than a month.  I’m able to go shopping (I panic but I push through it), I am able to drive 20 miles away, I am also able to take walks and pick up food and go through drive throughs but I’m at a stand still.  What else can I do for exposure?  I genuinely want to work again, but it’s so hard for me.  The thought of being away from home for 6-9 hours scares me.  And I’ve only ever worked high paced jobs such as serving, bar tending, and working in a pizza shop so that’s all that will hire me for the time being.  Especially with the corona stuff going on as well.', "Am I the only one whos one or both ears get really red and not before having a panic attackThis happens to me every now and then and I'm trying to ignore it now. But my one or both ears will get so red and hot and its usually followed by a panic attack, anyone else?\n\nI think it might have something to do with caffeine as I haven't drank it in months or over a year and today I had a half calf coffee at 11am and had a Pepsi right before it happened", 'I made a video talking about living with an anxiety disorder during this quarantine (mild agoraphobia &amp; panic disorder) ', "Getting MedicineI have high blood pressure and I need medication. How can I get it if I can't leave my house???\n\nEDIT: I don't have a primary doc anymore.\n\nI did a telemedicine appt for a broken tooth I had (the pain was excruciating!) and I asked if he would also call out a blood pressure med. He said I needed to see a doc for ongoing monitored care. \nI didn't tell him I was agoraphobic.", 'Nervous about doctor appointmentI have to get an ultrasound of my neck and the appointment is next week. With everything that’s been going on lately, I’m even more worried about leaving the house. Especially to go to the doctor! I don’t really want to reschedule though, since I’ve been having trouble swallowing and am pretty concerned about it. I’m so worried I’ll get sick from going out though :(', 'I have agoraphobia from not being “allowed” to go outside as I wished before I was almost 20. Once went out only 5 times for a whole year. (Extra details in comments.) ', 'Im finally doing itI’m having rhinoplasty in just a week. It feels surreal, I’ve been wanting this since I was 14 (I’m 24). Honestly I never thought the day would come... I always felt that it would be something I would do just “in the future”, only an illusion .. but now it’s happening and I have mixed emotions. I’m trying to accept the fact that I will never have my original face, ever. And I will kind of miss my nose, because it’s ME. I’m afraid I won’t recognize myself after the surgery. \n\nDo I think I will be happier? No. Do I think my self esteem will grow? Maybe. It just sucks that this comes from a place of self hate. Social media claims another victim guys ... \n\nAnyways, I feel nervous about the procedure. I guess it’s normal but I have panic anxiety and I’m afraid I’ll have a panic attack.. But when I think about it, I really don’t understand what I’m afraid of. I’m not afraid of the pain. Im trying to rationalize my fear but I just can’t. It’s totally irrational. That makes me feel better.. \n\nI don’t know where i wanna go with this post. Im just so nervous..', "Online therapy options?Hey everyone, I hope you're as well as you can be right now! I am looking for online therapist/psychiatrist that I can meet with via video chat for sessions. I'm not really sure where to start and I haven't had any luck with the chat therapy sites. \n\nThanks in advance! Side note, what have you been doing lately that helps your nerves in troublesome times like these?\n\nHappy Saturday!", 'Something positive out of what would have been a super sucky thingI’ve been struggling with agoraphobia since around December and it’s only gotten worse with covid. \nBecause of it, I’m now unable to work.\nI could only go to work for a few hours before having a panic attack or passing out. It took literally all of my energy trying to work and I fell behind in my schoolwork. And on Wednesday my boss told me I can’t work until I figure the agoraphobia stuff out.\nBUT, last Thursday my art blew up, (like, I have 9x the amount of followers I did the previous week). A few days ago I started charging commission fees and set up a store to sell art prints and I’ve gotten enough orders and commission requests that I know I’m going to be okay. \nWhat was originally a super sucky situation turned into a dream come true.\nSometimes, when things seem utterly hopeless, everything just works out. \n\nAnd the art I’m making right now is centered around body positivity and empowering women, I’m actually donating 10% to planned parenthood, so the fact that when my art decides to get recognition it’s when I’m doing this project is really awesome. Many of the messages people have sent me about how I’ve inspired them and helped build their confidence has made me cry happy tears.', 'Anyone feeling like a disobedient teenager?Now that I can’t go out.. I want to?  I’ve been agoraphobic since about December 2019.  Been 5 months.  Now... I want to go to the mall.  I want to go to the store... what is this?  I feel like a teenager who wants to opposite of my parents and the parents is the government..', 'Relapsing due to quarantineI only recently realised that as a teen I suffered from agoraphobia. I had no idea why I had a panic attack every time I left my home, I had a 40% attendance rate at school. If I stayed home I was staying near my abusive alcoholic father so nobody could comprehend why I wouldn’t want to be out of the house 24/7 and neither could I. I was under a mental health clinic throughout all this and not one single time did they mention agoraphobia to me, even while questioning why I would ever want to stay home. I never got support from anyone for it. \n\nFast forward a couple of years to college and again I couldn’t bare to leave my home for anything and was kicked out for low attendance. I was tired of living life in fear and slowly worked on going out and about again but doing things with less pressure attached and for the past 5 years I’ve continued to fight it with very few severe relapses. I was working incredibly hard the past few months before covid to create a routine in preparation for going back into education and trying to find my first job in September. Then this happened and I’m terrified I’m going to have to start from the beginning again. Every time I go to the shop I get the same almost vertigo feeling I get when leaving home for the first time after relapsing. It’s very triggering. With health anxiety as well I’m unsure if I will ever feel safe from germs outside after this. \n\nI’m just very nervous and I’ve had pretty good experiences of support from other groups on reddit so decided to join this too to feel less alone in this scary time.', "Talks or podcasts that will help while I'm out doing exposure therapy? [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr3iYr\\_zZak](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fr3iYr_zZak)   \nI like something like this but I can't find anything specific to agoraphobia. Any good videos or talks you guys use yourselves?", 'New neighbor constantly trying to force interactionsI just moved into a tiny apartment with a tiny yard that can’t even grow grass due to no sun (which is fine, I’m just grateful for the space.. that is supposed to be private). The neighbors behind diagnoally have a long, humongous, sunny yard that stretches all the way past my yard (with a garden and a giant shed) and live in a nice, large house. Every time I come out they come outside and do something pretty close to my yard and I have so much anxiety and my agoraphobia has tripled right now I haven’t been able to even meet them, which I’m sure is part of what they’re doing. I usually just step outside for a quick break from work, which involves calling people all day about serious issues, for a moment of peace and no talking. It’s mainly the wife/mother who looks like she’s in her sixties who won’t stop coming out at the exact same time almost every time I’m outside. It’s gone on for two weeks now since I moved in. I don’t know how they can’t understand that I’m obviously very private/nervous/avoiding people (hello also a pandemic?!) and just leave me alone to my little tiny moss plot and two room apartment. They are constantly walking the dog right now my window as well... when they have this huge yard. I’ve seen them yelling and talking to the neighbors for ages outside and it’s clear they are super extroverted and chatty and go outside to socialize. I know I’m being awkward and avoidant but like how can you not leave someone alone? Now they’re in my backyard with their dog that keeps barking and scaring my cats on top of it and seem to be building a fence and cutting me off from a public path that goes between the two yards. I just don’t understand why people can’t just leave others alone who clearly want privacy 🙁', 'Anyone have good experiences with ssris?I take klonopin. A decent dose too. Only way I can leave the house. The doc and my therapist think ssris would be ineffective for me. I want to take something in addition to my daily benzo and then eventually come off klonopin and stay on an ssri long term.  Have they done any good for you guys or do I just need to stay on klonopin forever and keep increasing my dose if I’d like to go outside?', "Quarantine making agoraphobia worseEver since quarantine I haven't left the house. I'm not the one in my household who does the shopping, since my crippling anxiety makes it nearly impossible to focus long enough to get groceries. However, before shit hit the fan, I would force myself to go on little outings, now that isnt an option. I feel like I cant make any progress fighting my agoraphobia since I just stay home and let the anxiety win. When quarantine is over, I'm afraid my agoraphobia is going to be much worse than it was. What can I do to improve my mental health?", 'Not enough memes here ', 'Welp Quarantine got meIt\'s been an awful long time since I left the house(3/18). I think it\'s the same for many of us here.\n\nI used to go to groups at a mental health clinic daily. To expose myself to the outside world using the transit system, and to the groups to deal with socializing. But I haven\'t been going because my city transit has mandated no more than 9 patrons per bus. If there are too many people, the extra people get picked up in an "overflow" van, and if they\'re coughing(I have asthma), they can\'t be allowed on. \n\n\n\nI went to the grocery store on 4/16 and honestly dreaded every second of it. From the getting ready, to checking out my groceries. \nI haven\'t been out of the house unless doing laundry in a while. And I\'m worried that I\'ll keep making excuses for myself to not leave. \n\n\n\nWhen my bf leaves every day for his job, I continue to feel like a useless lazy potato. Since I\'m not doing anything productive, when I can be. But I don\'t have the drive/motivation to do anything. \nI keep telling myself that I\'ll just take the dog out for a walk, or go on a short walk around the street. But I never go through. \n\n\n\nI can\'t wait till this all is over, so I can go back to my old routine and start back up the process of getting used to leaving the house again. Because right now it just feels like it\'s dialing back quicker than I can count. Especially dreading a grocery store trip.', "How many of us agoromphobiaens have had homesickness as a childI ask because as a child I fought with it. It lasted into my teens but once I left hone it was hone. Through my teens I had a few episodes and it wasn't my home I was missing it was my abusive mother.. How messed up is that? So through my teens iI did become a runaway. I was the best. Never left the apartment building I lived in. Just moved in with my girlfriend family. My parents never knew. I left because I felt pushed out of my family my twin sisters where born when I was 13 and honestly my mother thought I was going to be her live in babysitter. Umm not so much. So I would stay at friends or live with my boyfriends. If I was away from whoever I was with I would get Lovesick you wpuld would say. So I was talking to my psychiatrist about my agoraphobia and he asks me why do you think you have this. All I said was homesickness as a child he's like yes you have it. I kept it at bay as I raised my kids we had a trip planned put of state with my best friend at the time. Left state was fine it was a long trip. Got to her house and boom there it was and it was so bad. My girlfriend yelled at me so that made it worse of course if she had the sense to bring me to ER at the time I am sure they would have given me anti anxiety medication and the two weeks away from my husband would have been fine\n But no I was about to get on a plane with my kids never flown before but I wanted to go home willing to spend thousands to get home that night we all left her kids and mine and back to my house we went. On the way there we took a overnight break on my bill to sleep at hotel on way back home we slept in her van. At a truck stop I think I got a hour of sleep in 2 days. It was absolutely horrible. I get why she was mad I just wish she would have brought me to E.R. I can say I have this issue 9n trips but got good anxiety medication so no more homesickness. Any one have this problem too?", 'Free Hip Hop music ', "Welcome back!!Hi everyone, sorry for the restricted status. We're back to normal now and posts can resume. I'll be posting updated/new flair for posts and users, as well as new community guidelines and structures. \n\nLook forward to interacting with you all again! \n\nBest, \nSara", 'Does anyone have monophobia as well? (Fear if being alone) I’m at the point where I need someone here 24/7 or I panic. I feel so embarrassed.My parents came to live with me. My Dad is my ‘safe person’ and if he leaves even just to take the dog round the block I panic. Shaky, heart racing, think I’m gonna die. Almost ready to call 911 when it happens I can’t handle these panic attacks.', '**Females only please**Does your agoraphobia get worse with certain times of the month?  How do you push past it?  I tried to go to a gas station that is like 10/15 min away from my house.  I usually don’t have an issue with going there.  They sell food as well.  I placed an order and was scheduled to be there when it was ready.  I get to the light by it and go into full “I can’t do this” panic mode.  I’ve been crying and panicking all day.  I hate it. My period is due in a day or two.  I was doing so well this month!!! Driving where ever, going to the store, etc.  but I hit a wall.  I feel so useless.  My bf was sleeping and I wanted to surprise him with food and of course I woke him up because I can’t get the food.  I feel like a loser.', "I don't want to get helpI respect those who do, it's your life after all and more power to you. But I am not actively seeking help for my agoraphobia and don't plan to anytime in the near future. I like being at home, and my fear of leaving doesn't bother me unless I'm actually leaving. I would be a recluse if I could. Does anyone else feel the same way?", "Advice on exposure therapyHey all! During the covid shutdowns, I've been taking the opportunity to go out driving to different places. This has been a couple of weeks of doing this and I have become more comfortable going about 20-25 minutes away from home. My anxiety is about a 5, which I know is what they say it should be for exposure.\n\nToday I set out and my destination was about half an hour away from home. I ate right before, which I think may have contributed to feeling nauseated. Was okay on the way there, but once I reached my destination and started driving home, my anxiety became like an 8 or 9. I was really close to a complete panic attack and meltdown. But I made it! \n\nSo my question is for any one who has knowledge of exposure therapy. Did I just go too hard today? I'd like to try the same drive again tomorrow, knowing that I made it even though I was incredibly anxious and I dread that feeling.\n\n Should I pick a different destination the same distance? Go back to a shorter distance? The same destination? I'm definitely not ready for a further destination. Help me out here :) \n\nThanks lovelies.", 'Relaxing Sleep Music: Deep Sleeping Music | Relaxing Music | Stress Relief | Meditation Music ★ 03 ', 'questionhi all! i am new here. i don’t have agoraphobia, but i do have emetophobia. i was wandering along reddit &amp; found this page to be interesting so i joined. \n\ncould anyone please explain what exactly agoraphobia is?  along with symptoms or any useful information? i tried looking it up up didn’t get a full understanding. thank you', 'Anthony Padilla did a video with agoraphobics ', 'Hey everyone, has anyone tried Pregabalin for agrophobia? ', '...Anyone looking for someone to calm them from anxiety/ panic attacks. Message me maybe we can be some help to each other', 'Can’t work, relationship failing, family hates meFor the past 2 years, my panic disorder and agoraphobia has become completely unmanageable. \n\nI’m 20, and since graduating high school, my condition has gone downhill. I used to be one of the top students in my class, was nationally ranked in debate, and had 5 different full scholarships to college to choose from and worked 20 hours a week while going to school. However, my meds stopped working my second semester of senior year and I ended up being too anxious to go to college. \n\nSince then, I’ve been floundering. I’ve been hospitalized a few times, done a few outpatient programs, and tried 6 different meds to no avail. I briefly held a job until panic attacks interfered with my ability to do so and I was let go. Ever since then, my condition has deteriorated. I can’t drive further than 15 minutes from where I live, grocery shopping is nearly impossible due to feeling trapped, and some days I can’t leave my house. Lately, the only relief I get is through drinking, which is a dangerous solution. \n\nI was recently denied disability and I have no resources to appeal the decision. \nI currently live off of savings money that I earned in high school, but it’s running out quickly. My parents rent to me for way below market price but they’re telling me I need to find a new living situation soon, and I don’t know what to do. My mom told me that if I can’t get disability money, eventually they’ll have to kick me out of my apartment and I’ll be homeless. Additionally, they’re kicking me off their insurance so I’ll have to get a new therapist through Medicaid after seeing the same person for the past 8 years. \n\nI have a boyfriend, but he has no sympathy for what I’m going through, and no reference for how severe and debilitating these disorders are. His logic boils down to, “ I get nervous and I got over it so you can too,” when it’s way more serious and complicated than that. Last night we both were drunk and I was trying to ask for any guidance that he might have, and he screamed at me, said I was lazy and should just get a job. When I tried to explain why I couldn’t, he flat out said “If you’re this worthless, try to save up $3-400, buy a gun and some ammo and kill yourself.” \n\nMy boyfriend and parents are both guilty of making horrible comments like that, but they’re literally the only people I have in my life at this point so I can’t say anything about it. \n\nI’m so fed up with my situation, and the only end I see for myself is homelessness or being institutionalized. I can’t work, was denied disability, and my parents won’t support me when I run out of savings, which will be very soon(within 4 months). \n\nI have absolutely no idea what to do. Should I just kill myself?', 'anthony padilla did a interview with agoraphobics [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JS7yXjAZrxg](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JS7yXjAZrxg)', 'Did someone say food fetish? ', 'And Then what?Will I still be eligible to keep this luxurious accomodation called "telemedicine" when the stay at home guidelines are lifted? Or it\'s a limited time offer because of a pandemic only. Will I have to go back to the stress and anxiety of forcing myself to the point of zombie autopilot, like before? Its really been such a huge load off my plate of terror? It has been beneficial. I\'ve been pushing myself for all these years, spinning my wheels going nowhere, finally able to relax my adrenal glands for a month, It\'s only for the pandemic right? Then I\'m back to the same place where I\'m not worth any accomodations that are definitely out there now! No backsies...right? Yeah right. Well I don\'t mean this in a asshole way because I have been so emotional seeing all the death, grieving, pain these poor ppl have endured..its just such a incomprehensible tragedy! But can we keep the telemedicine??', 'Want to get married but can’t leave the house...I’m doing research looking for people who share this problem. Is anyone here wanting to get married but the anxiety of leaving the house for the ceremony is too overwhelming? Does the partner understand the fear or is pushing to make the wedding happen?\n\nLet me know! I’d love to hear your story.', "some 'rona thoughtsim sure someone has already brought up something to this effect but seeing how ppl deal with isolation when it isn't their everyday is weiird, right? just to b clear im not here to say they need to suck it up or w/e bc that's bullshit and i gotta imagine it's rough if ur use to going out and doing shit every day, but like social isolation has basically been my whole life (the alternative being panic attacks and dissociation), so imagining someone dealing with the same shit but inverted is kinda twilight zone-y \n\nis anyone else feeling that?", 'Two years into my own quarantineIt\'s coming up on two years that I\'ve been house-bound. Agoraphobia is no joke. Whenever I go outside, I get overwhelmed by all the space and I have this horrible fear I\'ll faint or I begin to feel faint. I haven\'t driven in two years because I get derealization at the wheel. I\'m fortunate to live with my parents (I turn 20 next month), but they are always saying "When is this phase going to end?" or "If you got a job, you\'d be so much happier" and stuff like that. I read about success stories on this subreddit, and I am in awe of you guys\' courage. Truly. I wish I was brave like that. My therapist said I can only get better if I want it enough and I\'m willing to push myself. It\'s so much easier to stay inside where it\'s safe than go outside where I could faint or have a panic attack. If anyone has any advice for me, I\'d love to read it.', 'tryina start replacing "sorry" with "thanks"so i have a few very supportive ppl in my life that make being a depressed anxious agoraphobic neet nearly tolerable, in the last year my partner specifically, and ive started to realize how often i say sorry when i mean thank you? like im so used to thinking of myself as a burden that when someone is there to help me unconditionally i just immediately go into "aah im imposing!!" mode, but lately ive been trying to say thank you instead and idk it sounds semantic but it\'s actually been making it a little easier to seek help from him. it also helps that he has the same problem and we both give each other shit for saying sorry too much.\n\nidk how useful this is but idk it was worth trying for me so it might b helpful for u too!', "Advice on managing Agoraphobia / how it affected meCouldn't find the rules for this sub reddit, sorry! I'm pretty sure I'm not breaking any rules. I'm here to get insight on managing all of this, because I want to live a normal life and start finally enjoy my life. So, there are some potentially triggering topics; suicide, death and bullying. Just in case someone needs those. \n\nEver since middle school(11yrs old), i've had the fear of terrible things happening to me. I believe that it stems from bullying and the way my family is, as well as isolating myself from everyone and reading terrible things on the news. I developed an irrational fear that those who were mean in school were out to kill me or murder me, which made me terrified of people. I began not going into public places in fear of seeing those people in public. \n\nI began researching how often murders and stuff happens, and was hit with the realization that it happens more often than I thought. So I thought about other things that might happen, and it all just got worse and worse. I began getting terrified of being a victim of a kidnapping, robbery, murder, shooting, getting hit by a car or some strange accident that will either cause me harm or kill me. So I stopped going into public places all the way up to the age of 17. \n\nAt 16 I was appointed a school therapist who would pull me out of classes once per week. Working with her, I did get better and then managed to enter a couple stores. The pet store I got crickets at, the store my mom worked at, and very reluctantly, the new grocery store (with my mom, grandmother, brother and grandpa). But even then I was still reluctant to do so.\n\nI've just recently graduated highschool, and the fear still persists. I'm now 18, I should be starting my life. It's become even more worrying than before after one of my closest friend's suicide. His death got me thinking about my own again, and I didn't want to die. So I isolated myself in my home again in fear of the same kinds of things. I am no longer getting the therapy I need, because there's no therapists around me that take my insurance.\n\nThere were a couple times I pushed myself to hang out with my friends, but every time I was on high alert, scared, nauseous, and I felt like I wasn't in my own body. I love leaving my house and I love hanging with my friends, and I absolutely love the outdoors. I'm just so terrified of leaving my home, I don't want to die. But most of all, I want to visit my friend's grave. I want to find his grave and I just want to see it and talk to him.\n\nI want to get a job but i'm scared that I will get yelled at, assaulted, murdered, shot or robbed. I feel like the only chance I have at a real job is being either a comic book creator, a writer, or a livestreamer on Twitch. \n\nI'm not sure what to do. I would greatly appreciate any tips or such, I just really want to live my life the way I know I SHOULD and how I WANT to.", 'Agoraphobia aside, how is everyone with conversations?Does it come easy for you or does your mind usually go blank? And I am talking about face to face conversations only with other people.', 'ServerCan anyone please give me the agoraphobia discord server link I used to be a member but got a new account.', "My first postHello everyone! This is my first post on this subreddit. I found this subreddit a few months back while I was searching for forums that talked about agoraphobia or similar things. I am 20 years old, soon 21, and have suffered from panic attacks and anxiety since I was about 8 years old. But the agoraphobia part of it has gone in waves throughout my teenage years, I've had a few times where I have basically been housebound and also had a really hard time being away from my parents, especially my mother. Now im not housebound anymore and my parents are able to do alot more and I can cope with it alot more, but there are still many difficulties. I have been depending so much on my parents, I havent been able to do much without them near or with me. I have come along way I would say and am now able to do alot more, but there is still much more I want to accomplish! I wanted to write a post here because I feel like this is the first time I found a place where I can relate so much to peoples stories and experiences and it feels good not to be alone. I have always felt like I am the only one with the difficulties that I have, but I know that is not the case.  I struggle alot with negative thoughts and feelings of being unaccomplished or that the things that I have done/accomplished is not ''enough''.  \n\n\nI hope that I may be able to answer questions if you have any and that I can get some answers aswell!", 'Has anyone tried Effexor for agoraphobia?My doctor ssuggested it but I havent been able to take it yet because Im sick.', 'Agoraphobic Therapist (Intern) Reacts to Anthony Padilla’s “I Spent A Day With Agoraphobics” ', "I enjoyed the pause on lifeLife for me feels too fast most of the time. I feel constantly guilty about cancelling plans or planning for the never ending event that life throws at you. \n\nIn the UK we have been in a lockdown since March. I have to admit, the pause on life has been somewhat pleasant. I've not felt pressured to socialize and I have been praised for staying home. \n\nNow it's likely going to be gradually reduced next week and I am now panicking about how life will suddenly propel forward again after a dramatic pause. \n\nSorry if I come across selfish. I know that many are dying because of the outbreak, I just needed to voice my  feelings in a safe space.", 'Quarantine is very triggeringI was severely affected by my agoraphobia in the past. Three almost 4 years ago I spent almost a year in my room, hardly even using the rest of my apartment. After that I had several spouts of being stuck inside for months. \nI know there are people on this sub who are affected much worse, but I don’t know where else to share this. \n\nI’m not one to talk about this part of my life, but quarantine has been hell for me.  My anxiety and fear is through the roof. Friends tell me not to be scared of the virus, but I’m not and can’t explain to them how my brain works.\nI need to get food.  I relied on food delivery in the past, but now I can’t order it to my home since I can’t afford the delivery charge(not working right now.) I need tools and soap and necessities. \n\nI’ve only been able to make it outside a couple times and I was pretty drunk. \nPart of me loves not having to leave or see anyone, but I also know I should be going on small walks or even just out for a cigarette.\n\nThe coping mechanisms I’ve used in the past seem unavailable during this time, and I’m becoming quite depressed.\n\nThe only bright side is that I didn’t get funny looks when wearing my mask.  I bought one a few years back because it helps me be less afraid to leave the house for some reason. \n\nNot necessarily looking for advice, I just don’t have anyone in my life who remotely understands what I’m going through. \n\nTL;DR   I’ve been struggling with agoraphobia for the first time in awhile and I feel like I’ve failed myself by not keeping it under control.', 'Depersonalization or derealizationHello I’m new here. \nI suffer from panic attacks and agoraphobia. \nDo any of you suffer from agoraphobia due to depersonalization or derealization ? These can both be symptoms from panic attack or side effects from drugs. I suffer pretty chronically from both on a daily basis. Which keeps me indoors in my “safe place” anyone else ?', "Quarantine VentingLiving in NYC and decided to go on a small walk around the block today to exercise and get a little sun (wore gloves and a face mask). People were out and in groups again.   \n\n\nThese guys who used to sit on the stoop a few apts down from mine were back out and they always look at me when i walk by and I remembered how scared I was of everything and how nice quarantine had been in a way. I do wish for everyone's sake that things get back to normal but damn i cannot survive in the world. I constantly feel like Im about to get attacked or harrassed, yelled at, intimidated... idk im just so scared of other people. Ive had experiences in my life that have made it very hard for me to to just walk down the street without looking over my back constantly.  \n\n\nI don't want to feel like this whenever im away from home. How do i get better? Should i just force myself to go outside and stutter and flinch until I get better (if i do). Sorry if this is repetitive or uninteresting.. I just needed to write it out. Thanks.", 'Looking for a friend for goal settingHi I am new to Reddit. \n\nI am in my 40s and was hoping to find someone whom I can relate with and to encourage each other. \n\nI am good at thinking and chatting but struggle with implementation. It is easier with someone but I live alone in a small country town.\n\nIdeally I would like to find someone where we set goals and encourage and motivate each other. Hopefully in a non judgemental and friendly and supportive way. \n\nI live in a large house but I tend to stay nearly all day in my bedroom. I force myself out when needed but put off things and procrastinate. \n\nI miss having someone around and feeling a purpose and trying to help and support them. \n\nGiven the travel restrictions I have stayed at home and become more withdrawn.\n\nI live in Australia so that may affect my messaging times. \n\nThank you for reading this,\n\nStay well and safe, \n\nKind regards, \n\nEdward.', "At A Standstill, Career Advice? *first ever post*I'm becoming desperate. \nI always assumed my social anxiety was just that. But as I get older, I've come to discover I am extremely agoraphobic, and it seems to get worse every year. \n*Some Background for Context*\nI was diagnosed with Obessive-Compulsive Disorder when I was 3 years old and later on with Tourette's Syndrome. All these conditions worsen with stress (I also have severe eczema thats stress induced). My mental state worsened through high school. I went to a very small, very rural school in Oklahoma where special education resources just weren't available at the time. The administration at the school dismissed my conditions and it led me to a mental break. As a result, my doctor had me pulled out of school (she suggested at-home schooling but, as I said, limited resources). I just dropped out my junior year. I was a straight A student, never got in trouble. It got to where I missed school frequently, my tics were extremely disruptive in classes, and my physical health was declining. I rarely slept, my body was covered head to toe with eczema, my ritualistic obsessions made me live in fear; it was like being an animal trapped in a corner. All the while, I was gawked at and made fun of constantly. Mental illness just wasn't a thing that was talked about in my school and wasn't understood. \n\nTLDR: I was put on a cocktail of medication, lots of counseling, and got my HS diploma through an alternative learning program at a different school 45 minutes away. \n\nAs of right now, I'm a 25 year old female thats afraid to leave my house. \n\nI've worked retail the last 10 years and I can never keep a job more than 2+ years. I'm a hard worker and I do my best at everything I try. I've been promoted to shift leads and keyholders at different jobs. I worked at a T-shirt/body jewelry shop in a mall, a pet store, a department store, and currently I'm at a chain jewelry store. My proudest achievement was earning a certification through the Diamond Council of America. I love working in jewelry. However, as I continue working in customer service, I get more and more overwhelmed. \nI've become aware of the pattern that persists with all my pursuits: I start a new job, I'm excited and work my hardest the first year, I'm able to focus on tasks at hand and keep busy. But at the same time, my shyness gets the best of me and I struggle to welcome and confront customers. Then my anxieties develope into blatant avoidance and full on panic attacks as I see customers enter the store. \nI don't know why I get so visibly scared. I try to suppress it all and do my job, my job that I enjoy doing. But as it stands, what starts off as being 5-10 minutes late every now and again, turns into being 15 - even 45 minutes late because my anxiety builds up to a panic as I get ready for work. I'm currently on 2 types of medication. I was originally on 4 when I left high-school. I know its probably going to come down to being put back on them but I'm so disappointed in myself because I've come so far. \n\nBeing in quarantine due to Covid has definitely helped my anxiety and I've been keeping busy at home. However, I got called back into work recently and I had a full blown panic attack on the phone with my manager. She told me she'll let me stay home for now until the store goes back into full operation, but if I refuse I'll lose my job. Up until this point, I've never been pushed into an ultimatum, or much less fired. I'm grateful to still have a job but I feel so humiliated/selfish for feeling this way. My tics and eczema hasn't been like it was since HS, but now it's reared its ugly head again. I don't know what to do. I'm trying to find jobs to either work from home (away from commission sales) or at least work remotely/independently until my parents get their business running and I can work for them (legal medical marijuana grow in my state), which I help out with in my spare time. \n\nI don't know when I should be returning to work, but I've thought it over and I'm positive that I can't keep doing this the rest of my life. Direct customer service and sales aren't for me. I tried working in the food industry and didn't last 2 weeks. \n\nI don't need medical help, as I'm going to be going to my doctor and psychiatrist as soon as I'm able to.\n\nAs far as finding a job, all I'm asking is for advice. I don't know what to do from here. I've been looking for jobs online that aren't telemarketing and commission based. I only have a high school diploma and a decent resume. I'm exhausted of living this way. I'm not in any way a lazy worker or don't want to work at all. I'm willing to put the work and time in. Just in a calmer, more slower paced setting out of the public eye (or at least as minimal public interaction as possible). I'm losing sleep over this. Every fiber of my being is telling me to not go back.\n\nThank you in advance, any advice is appreciated greatly. 💙\n I'm out of ideas and don't know where else to turn.", 'Tips for a vacation in 2 months?So, I was just told by my boyfriend that he is going on vacation for a family reunion in two months 14 hours away.  And invited me.  Of course I have to go.  But... how the hell am I going to go?  I am terrified of going 30 minutes away.  Any advice?  \n\nNo I don’t believe in benzos or medication.  Any advice?  Please?', 'Can\'t talk about it anymoreWhen I try, all I get is, "Well everyone is going through it now!" It was hard enough not even being able to find a therapist that will work with me over the phone.', "Potential Agoraphobia Awareness/Conversation Podcast?Hey Y'all\n\n I hope everyone is taking care of themselves during this unprecedented time. Things are particularly uncertain and hard on most people right now. I'm a 23 year old agoraphobic transman from Manitoba, Canada. I've been living with chronic pain, panic, and a generalized anxiety disorder for a majority of my life. I was officially diagnosed with GAD when I was 11 years old. The hardest part about navigating evolving symptoms of agoraphobia even with professional help is that I've never met a person who has struggled in the same ways I have. \n\nThe quarantine has inspired me to take a leap into something I've been interested in for quite some time. I finally ordered a mic for podcasting. Originally, I was going to talk about Cannabis (legal country) but I didnt know how to make it engaging. I tossed the idea around of doing a true crime podcast (which im still most likely going to do, but not my first project). As I was laying awake in bed a couple nights ago, I realized that podcasting would be an amazing opportunity to create a network for people suffering with agoraphobia or associated panic disorders. Im not even sure if this idea has been done before. Im here to put my feelers out and see if anyone would want to participate as a guest (zoom, skype, phone, whatever) and give their lived experiences and what navigating agoraphobia looks like to them in their part of the world. Together we can create a safe network and a place for conversation. \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI am not a professional. I do not have any sort of formal education to make me a professional therapist, podcaster, journalist or anything of the sort. I would be learning along side of everyone who participates and everyone who listens and gives feedback. I am just a man with mental illness and a love of podcasting and helping people.", 'Rambling of a hopeless romanticI know that this is probably not the best place to vent, but i cant put this on my bf because i know he already feels guilty about not being able to leave the house. I never thought it would be a huge problem, but his parents are strict and barely give us any privacy, which makes it even more infuriating. Its the small things, like thinking of him when I want to get something to eat just to realize he cant go with me. and the fact ive met his family but he hasnt met mine, and i really want my family to know him and accept him because, idk i just want all the people I love to get along, but idk. Today was rough, We were talking about hiking places and lakes, and I thought about how my town has a beautiful lake with an island that we could kayake too, and how i could push over his boat and paddle away as he tried to get back at me. we could fail miserably at climbing up the steep bank together. but thats not going to happen. I love him so much, but he is so separate from the rest of my life, and i want to share my life with him. I have social anxiety so i feel as though we complete each other, Im scared of going out due to people, but he is because of the place. I know that its wrong to want to push him, but I feel like Ive been facing so many of my fears and he hasnt. Ive had many panic attacks at his house from talking to his parents, and when I first met him i couldnt even make eye contact with him. I dont really know what to do, though I doubt i can even do anything. I always wanted to find love, and I never even thought about this as a possibility. It sucks, because i always dreamt of going to the movies together on my first date, but the universe had different plans for me. My rambling needs no response, just writing it down helps me get it out of my head. The thing is, I treat his anxiety like I treat mine, but i dont even treat mine good. I just make myself push through it. He couldnt even finish highschool, i barely made it, but i made it. I would just leave him to his own devices to try and help himself woth his anxiety, but he cant even get to bed on time unless I pester him. I love him so much, but it also hurts so much.. if that makes sense? Idk, i wish things were simpler\n\nTL;DR - Even the best part of my life is bittersweet.', "How do you relax your body to accept the symptoms and prevent mounting anxiety?Been listening to claire weekes and she talks about relaxing the body and letting the sensations flow over you. My problem is it's hard for me to do that sometimes, like when the sensations are really strong. I have no idea how to let go completely and accept the sensations. It's even hard to do slow deep breathing to calm myself down during times like this", "Agoraphobia etc. New England groupNew FB group for people with Agoraphobia, Anxiety, Depression, panic attacks etc who live in Connecticut, Massachusetts and ALL of New England. It's so people could actually meet in person and become friends outside of group and have a friend/friends who understand. They could see each other in person and do things together and work on their challenges. There will be a zoom meeting tonight at 9PM. This is the first zoom meeting in this group. There are only 9 people in group because it's so new. Please come join if you are interested and join our zoom meeting tonight as well. Here is the link to the group on FB. I hope this is ok that I posted this since I found a really awesome anxiety group through Reddit which I love.  [https://www.facebook.com/groups/649668549103294/](https://www.facebook.com/groups/649668549103294/)", 'Anyone have that falling sensation as well?Hey everyone. First post here. I’m glad I found this subreddit. I feel so alone sometimes. \n\nSometimes I’ll just be sitting down, and I’ll have a major falling sensation, but it always accompanies some sort of anxiety. \n\nI haven’t been able to drive comfortably for maybe 11 years now. But when I do drive (not very far) I get that falling sensation too. Same when flying on planes. Is that just part of the disorder?', 'ICON DESIGN CHALLENGEHi everyone! \n\nAs the sub revamp goes underway, I thought it would be fun to have a little challenge for the design of the icon, and of the subreddit banner. \n\nAll you have to do is comment on this post with your entry.\n\nI look foward to seeing some creative entries! \n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nBest,   \nSara', "Anyone else just desperately want to go for a walk outside?I've been agoraphobic for years and since quarantine, I haven't literally gone out for 6 weeks but I feel like I need to just have the fresh air. But of course, I can't.", 'Anyone wanna have a buddy system with me?So, I’m slowly getting back to normal and I know one way of coping with any mental illness is this one method I’ve been using.  Where you talk about your day in a positive light.  I would love to possibly talk to someone else about their journey as well.  Shoot me a message :)', "I have a confessionI'm getting married after this quarantine is over. My partner is from the UK. I've gotten a lot better with agoraphobia to the point where now the issue is more of long travel. \n\nHe's going to be living here in the USA with me. However I'm disappointed I can't live in England due to my fucking phobia and panic attacks. I'm very mad about it because before my agoraphobia I loved to travel. Now I'm constantly feeling vertigo when I travel or I have irrational fear that I'm falling off the earth bc its round. It's stupid but idk why my brain won't get a grip.\n\nEveryone is always rambling about how the USA is awful and I should leave. Well I can't and my opportunity is blown.", 'Anyone else feel suicidal over this?I just walked about one block with my Dad, panicked, sat with the anxiety for a few minutes and went home. Small victories, I know. But I can’t imagine ever driving or walking anywhere ever again. When I’m outside everything feels weird and I feel dizzy and the world feels like it’s closing in. I feel trapped. I’m terrified of panicking. Someone put it really well. When I’m alone or doing an exposure I feel like an animal without its skin.', 'Moved to a new house and I forgot I could relapse this hardI was doing really well, going to my university classes, joined a club, was going to therapy. Then the \'roni, now I\'m in a new place. It\'s such a huge upgrade for my partner and I, which makes me feel even worse. People are outside so much in this new neighborhood, and they\'re so friendly, what if they want to talk to me? And I have a panic attack? My landlord came over yesterday evening and I basically had a day long panic attack in anticipation of it. I don\'t know what/where is safe any more. My new house is, kind of, but I still only really feel ok in the kitchen and dining room. Therapy is on hold for the moment as my t is taking an extended break due to burnout (which I can\'t help but feel partly responsible for since it comes right after I finally told him about the worst of the abuse I experienced). I have dogs and have been going outside in the backyard with them but it\'s tough to go longer than 5 or so minutes. I want to take a walk so desperately but it\'s all so new and different and WHAT IF??? \n\nI\'ve moved many (too many) times in my life so I know eventually I\'ll settle in to a new routine but "eventually" takes like a year and now that I\'ve had a solid taste of what normal life can be like I don\'t want to go through my terrible disordered process of getting back there again. Anyone have any good, healthy tips for acclimating to a new space or just some virtual hugs?', "My teacher posted asking former students to post what they have been up to since graduation for teacher appreciation week and I feel awfulOn Facebook my teacher posted asking former students to share what they have been up too and any memories of her they have\n\nThere are a bunch of comments and its made me feel so low. Everyone's in relationships/ married graduating from highschool buying houses getting fancy jobs\n\nIt sucks", "Is it possible to develop agoraphobia due to quarantine?I haven't left my house in pretty much a full month despite the fact I am running really low on food rn. I keep making excuses not go out and restock. It isn't even covid that scares me; it just feels strange and weird to leave this tiny safe heaven of my student room. I've been alone here for weeks; I lost count. I feel like I will freak out if I exit the front door. I am unable to even go for morning runs anymore; I cannot bring myself to exit. \n\nI tried to explain to a friend and she said it sounded like a form of agoraphobia... so I want to know; is it possible to develop it later on? Or is it part of anxiety, diagnosed, for me and not really agoraphobia? I'm 21...", 'I feel like the lockdown has erased all my progress.I\'m 30 now and spent the majority of my teens and 20s nearly housebound with anxiety. I paid my rent with disability for 8 years. Finished my degree online because I couldn\'t sit in a classroom. \n\nBefore the virus spread, I was working full time (small business retail), making friends at local bars, and I had just met someone overseas that I liked so much, I got on a plane and crossed an ocean for him. \n\nI came back from my trip to a world imploding. Less than a month after being home, I got furloughed from my job. I haven\'t seen another person aside from my roommates and grocery cashiers in almost two months. My friend that I visited believes we\'ll never see each other again. Not because of money, but because either the borders will close, airlines will collapse, or both. \n\nI had made enough progress that my panic attacks had decreased from daily to less than weekly. Now they\'re back every night without fail. I can\'t sleep without either sleeping pills or being almost drunk enough to black out. If I sleep sober, I either wake with nightmares of being in prison or dreams of everyone I\'m missing. Being "safe at home" does not feel safe. \n\nI\'m such a planner and now there\'s nothing to plan, nothing to look forward to, and the outside world feels so threatening again. I feel so hopeless and I desperately want this quarantine to end, but I don\'t dare tell anyone because they\'ll spout off some garbage about how "I want to kill grandma so I can go to the hair salon."', '#motivation HARD TIMES - Best Motivational Speech ', "Need advice after relapseI was homebound for almost 3 years, but in the last year and a half had made a lot of progress. I made it out to a bar a couple times and was doing really good and was starting to try and find a job. Then the quarantine hit. I kept working on what I could and a couple weeks ago I got a call to start building decks. I worked one half day a week and a half ago and it went well, but weather out off building until today. I had panic attacks all last week, comparable to the ones I use to have that kept me home. Now I'm trying to get in the right headspace to go work and I'm doubting I can leave my house again. Any advice would be really appreciated, I hate this affliction so much. Thank you in advance.", 'Treatment-resistant Bipolar Depression: A STEP-BD Equipoise Randomized Effectiveness Trial of Antidepressant Augmentation With Lamotrigine, Inositol, or Risperidone ', 'Do i have agoraphobia ?Whenever i go outside - i literally can’t feel my body, and it’s even hard to understand if life is even real, i also have shorthness of breath, and my heart is beating so fast, dry mouth, weakness, trembling hands.. And i have this for like 3 months now - even called ambulance some times, they checked me - chest is clear, heart rate was normal, pulse was normal too.. And i’m really tired of this - i feel like i’m already dead, and by the way i’m struggling with high anxiety everyday, and therapists in my town are closed because of coronavirus..', 'Just been told by my therapist I have mild agoraphobiaSo, I\'m 46 and I have a hard time leaving the apartment the longer I stay here.  \n\nI was told by my first therapist that my trash build up and and hoarding (didn\'t want to leave the house to throw things away) was due to my social anxiety.\n\nMy new therapist agrees I have social anxiety, but says I also have mild agoraphobia.  \n\nI won\'t take the trash out because I\'m afraid of running into people, or maybe someone will see me and judge me for how many bags I have.  I once didn\'t go get my mail from the apartment mail area for 3 months because I was scared of people interaction at first, then of how to deal with all that mail in front of people.  \n\nI finally had to get a company to help me clean out my apartment (it wasn\'t gross, it was just full of stuff) and my car as well. \n\nThe longer I spend inside, the harder it is to leave.  I don\'t always have specific worries, either, it\'s just a general fear of "something bad will happen, so it\'s safer to stay here"\xa0 I don\'t love it inside.  But if I sit on my front porch, my neighbor will talk to me and people will see me. \n\nI should mention that I have a job and I can go to it.  Having a purpose makes it easier.  And though I deal with people for a living (Physical Therapy), it\'s different because I have a kind  of script and check list that I\'ve developed over 26 years so I can relax a bit.  \n\nBut if they ask me to work another department to help out, I get major anxiety and just want to go home.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nI guess I\'m just posting because no one has used the term to refer to me before.  I didn\'t realize there were different levels or intensitis, and I always thought the term meant a person who never leaves the house.  \n\nIf there are any good books or resources, I\'d love to know about them.  I will go through to see if there are any pin posts about them, but if you have a really good one, I\'d be in your debt if you shared it.  Also, does it sound to you like agoraphobia?  Is hoarding a connected behavior?\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nThanks so much.  :)', 'Anxiety "swings" ?Hey all! \n\nDoes any one else have really intense swings in anxiety? Like some days I can get up, go out, drive about a half hour and some days I am too anxious to leave my bed. Any one else experience this? \n\nAnd for the women, does it coincidence with your menstrual cycle? I\'ve been trying to keep track. But once I\'m having a good day, its like I forget all about having bad days.', 'Can i cure my agoraphobia? If you have please share below because i feel like i will never get better. I just turned 18 and I do not want to be like this for the rest of my life.please share if you’ve overcome it.', "I think i finally figured out the main cause of my anxiety and agoraphobiawhen i was 14, i walked alone in a schoolpark, and came across two older guys (in their late teens i'd reckon). they scared me away to the point that i had to run in fear of them chasing me, all because i looked in their direction.\n\never since that incident, i've always thought that if such an innocent stroll in the park can cause problematic scenarios, imagine what else could happen.\n\nduring that exact same year, i also had some run-ins with around 7-10 guys that took away my ball when i was playing, and passed it around each other laughing, and then finally when they were done just threw my ball up a pine tree.\n\ni've always held a deep hatred towards bullies and those that do these kinds of things, and i've always wanted to just beat the shit out of the people of that kind.\n\n4 years later, and even though i have gotten taller, slightly more confident, physically stronger, and less agoraphobic, i still have to say that the 14 year old short chubby kid is still inside of me, and even though i don't want it to happen, i constantly get derealized, and anxiety ensues whenever i take a walk on my own. \n\ni don't want to live like this. i don't want to live in fear of avoiding the guys that used to push me around. i wouldn't say i'm scared anymore but i constantly get extremely anxious when i see a random group of multiple guys. i hate this.", "Is there anything I can do to help my anxiety?My parents wouldn't admit it, but I'm basically agoraphobic and suffer from extreme social and general anxiety to the point I can hardly function. I'm still able to do chores, go get groceries, prepare meals, etc., but I barely, if ever, even socialized much prior to this quarantine. And the majority of the times when I did, I had to get drunk. Typically I just like to sit in my room, get drunk and stoned, watch stuff, listen to music, and surf the web in order to forget about everything that is making me anxious (and depressed). I watch/listen to a lot of podcasts. Of course I enjoy interacting with people to an extent, but I think I've just had too many interactions with terrible people; I don't know. I used to be a little less anxious when I knew at least the world around me still seemed to be functioning semi-alright, or at least not near as bad as now, even if I wasn't.\n\nAnyway, obviously getting drunk and stoned isn't a long-term, viable solution to help me lessen my anxiousness and depression. I used to try and go on walks and hikes (and am planning to again), but I still would want to get drunk and high afterwards. I am taking Prozac, which does seem to help some - but it isn't enough. I've taken Xanax a few times, but I know that's terrible for your memory and highly addictive anyway. I have trouble talking on the phone or doing video conferences, so so far this quarantine I have yet to talk to a doctor. Sorry this post is so long, I just don't know what to do (besides try to eat healthy, exercise, take Prozac, and not drink alcohol and smoke weed) to get rid of my anxiety and become a more functional human being. But drinking and smoking seems to be the quickest route to get rid of the way I feel and my demons (while also simultaneously making them reappear worse later). Any suggestions on what I could do would be much appreciated. Thanks.", 'I used to be able to go on walks in my neighborhood.But now everyone\'s home all the time, walking and driving around all hours of the day. I literally feel like I\'m being watched and I hate having to walk past people when I\'m out for a stroll (especially neighbors I kind of know). I feel like I don\'t fit the "profile" of my neighborhood and just look like a weirdo. Oh well I guess.', 'Thoughts about travelingNowadays it seems like everyone is traveling everywhere, I see people on social media posting it all the time and many friends around me travel and so on. And I have noticed that it affects me alot, probably because I feel way too scared to travel atm. When I think about traveling abroad alone or even with someone it feels like the scariest thing I can imagine. I am not even sure traveling is something that I really want to do or if its just the pressure from the outside world that makes me feel like I HAVE to travel. Maybe I think about it alot because it is my biggest fear, traveling abroad alone.\n\n&amp;#x200B;\n\nWhat are your thoughts on this?', 'Focus And Destress Tool ', "Has anyone had validation you've waited for?Just wondering if the pandemic and social isolation has caused anyone from your past who dumped you because of your agoraphobia (misunderstanding and lack of knowledge, or straight up called you a liar), resurfaced to apologize or validate you? Any type of reconnection that has helped? Not me. I had hope bc I do miss ppl. They haven't missed me enough to keep in touch at all.", "It's the worst time to have a dental emergency (rant)I did something really stupid and kept eating hard chips/drinking soda. Now I think one of my fillings fell out because of this since I'm in excruciating pain all of a sudden. I've successfully avoided going out for months, but now I have no choice. And I live with an elderly grandma who I'm scared to bring the virus home to. Plus I have no dental insurance. \n\nTLDR: Take care of your teeth so you don't have to be in my situation.", 'Saw a promotion for Subway Pick Up orders due to COVID-19: Buy one get one free via pick up orders online. Placed a pick up order online, went to store, was told people already took my food? Come back home with receipt for my order, but no food and negative money? Store owner argues I am scamming?Hello and good day, this is a throw away account since I am a very private person and have anxiety related to privacy due to being agoraphobic\n\n\n[For context, I have recorded the phone conversation between myself and the Subway store owner.  I recorded the conversation because I realized after 7 minutes of talking to him about not receiving food for pick up he was becoming more hostile, accusatory, and yelling at me.](https://youtu.be/OVw97tOTRjw)\n\nWhen I posted this originally my own youtube channel and not a throw away youtube channel, I shared this with Subway corporate as well as him.\n\n\nHe then [posted this as a comment which he later then deleted](https://i.imgur.com/tpqRmWV.png) but I still have it in my youtube notifications of what he posted regardless of him deleting it, because that message was redirected to me from the youtube servers where the message is still saved\n\n\n\nHe has accused me of:\n\n1)  A liar\n\n2)  A thief\n\n3)  Organized Crime\n\n4)  Technologically unaware\n\nAlso the most offensive thing he suggested was that my mom should go to the Subway store and order in person (even though she has a cochlear implant and can\'t hear that well doesn\'t understand English) for a longer duration than necessary during COVID-19 in new york city, the largest city effected in the USA.\n\n\nI do not take this lightly at all, my father passed away in January, 5 months ago it will be in 10 days from today. And I do not appreciate having to think about any scenario of which the few of the family I have left will pass away because a SUBWAY STORE OWNER DOES NOT KNOW HOW TO EFFECTIVELY RUN A SUBWAY IN 2020 WHEN ONLINE ORDERING IS A COMMON THING.\n\nAll of which I find offensive, over $17.69.  Why did they give my mom a receipt for the food but no food?  If other people took my order like they suggested, then why didn\'t they give them the receipt?  [Why is there a receipt left to give to my mom?](https://i.imgur.com/d0k7eTD.jpg)\n\n\nMy phone number is on the receipt, why they call it to make sure whoever was picking up my order was me by simply calling?\n\nThere is a unique order confirmation #\n\n\nWhy did they not double check with the persons picking up the order this UNIQUE confirmation #?  Is this not the purpose of the UNIQUE order confirmation number?\n\nOnly the legitimate customer can know it, instead the employees just assumed the first person to walk through the door was there to pick up my order instead and asked if they were me.\n\n\n\nThis is the only way I can think of what happened, happened if what the Subway store owner was saying is true or rather his employees are saying is true because the store owner had told me over the phone he was not present at the subway store.  Instead when I called him, he simply called the Subway store and asked the employees what happened and believed it without questioning at all and then defaulting to accuse me.\n\nI saw a promotion from Subway for pick up orders due to COVID-19 and to practice safe social distancing to lessen time spent in the physical store.\n\n\nThe promotion was exclusive to online / pick up orders placed online at the subway.com website:\n\n\n["DIGITAL EXCLUSIVE BUY ONE GET ONE FREE ONLY IN THE APP OR ONLINE"](https://i.imgur.com/PYOegsE.png)\n\n\nI don\'t order subway often, 4 times total since the beginning of this year and since I have been agoraphobic -2004.\n\nI used to enjoy Subway a lot more as a teenager, there was one near my dad\'s office 17 or so years ago and I would spend a lot of time at my dad\'s office around then and we would have a tradition getting subway for lunch together if we were lazy since it was close by.\n\n\nBut either my taste for Subway since I was a teenager has changed or the sandwiches have.\n\nMy dad passed away back in the middle of January of this year, 4 months ago and some days. [A few months later in March I would order Subway 3 different times](https://i.imgur.com/CZKWGLD.png), all the same kind of order, [at least 1 meatball and 1 chicken teriyaki since we shared half a footlong of those and 1 other variety of sandwich](https://i.imgur.com/1tP6Teg.png) to see what\'s new at subway for pick up online I guess to help me relive a moment with my dad from years ago.\n\n\nIt\'s just not as good as I remember, but I figured since all the restaurants that I frequent near me are mostly closed or I am bored of what is left available I thought I\'d get subway since it is cheap considering my order was only $17.69 which is a lot cheaper than [what I normally spend on delivery/take out meals (usually anywhere from $30-$100)](https://imgur.com/a/cOKRvrr) and thought it might bring back some momentary nostalgia.\n\n\n[This order history is from delivery.com where I have never had a problem over years and this is only half my orders since I also order from Seamless / Grubhub for more variety of food since there restaurants on Seamless / Grubhub that are no available on delivery.com](https://imgur.com/a/cOKRvrr)\n\n\nIf you notice throughout my history I used to buy cigarettes delivered to my door through their delivery service, the mark up was incredibly high, [$18.95 a pack and would order about 7 packs a time also having to pay a 15% delivery tip and then tax](https://i.imgur.com/ezxYfyq.png) \n\n\nBut that was the price I was paying since I am an agoraphobic and having anxiety with my privacy and leaving my apartment\n\n\n\nThe most infuriating thing about all of this is that his Subway store is being leased by the apartment building I live in.  And my family is the home owner of our apartment, BUT I AM PAYING THE MORTGAGE AND MAINTENANCE FEES.\n\n\nSo I am essentially chipping money for the maintenance fees to help maintain his Subway store.\n\n\nI feel very bad and humiliated\n\n\nThe whole reason why I do not go outside is because I used to face a lot of judgement and I felt ashamed.\n\n\nI remember one of the few days I was leaving my apartment building and the "doorman" / concierge did not know who I was nor did I know her.  I was getting off the elevator and entering the lobby where my own concierge looked at me and said, "wow you\'re the fattest chink I ever saw"  I was leaving the apartment building at the time to collect a treadmill I was collecting from the delivery truck parked outside.  I remember feeling very unsafe even just leaving outside my apartment door after that.\n\n\nThe only few times I have ever left my apartment since 2004 was to go to a dentist, two times and attending my father\'s funeral and burial service.  I am sure there are other few moments, but there are spans of 1-4 years I never leave at all.\n\n\nI don\'t know anyone locally, I don\'t have any friends locally, how am I supposed to arrange people to come steal food from a Subway store?\n\n\nThe store owner is accusing me of being a liar, a thief, organizing some sort of crime between myself and others, when in reality I do not harm anyone simply based on the fact I don\'t even have access to anyone.\n\n\nIt really hurts me because now I feel even less safer at home, if I cannot feel safe at home then where can I feel safe?\n\n\nI am being shamed, labeled a criminal, liar, thief, scammer and I did nothing without any possibility to do anything he is saying.\n\n\nI have spent the past 16 years avoiding any reason why anyone should judge me\n\n\nThat day I was offering to give him my business which if continued he could make a lot of repeat business off me since pretty much one of the few luxuries I get experience in life as an agoraphobic is ordering food, and I order a lot.\n\nBut instead that day I was left negative money and no food\nHow is ANY of that fair?\n\n\nI feel ashamed for having to defend myself by exposing myself with my secret I keep from anyone I do know who is not my family (online friends, well online friend) when all I did was order sandwiches that were promoted to use the Online order pick up service.\n\n\nI even called corporate and have a phone conversation with them,  they have not helped me at all since.  Thinking about this keeps me up at night and even prevents me from fulfilling my work and I am very busy the next two months.\n\n\n\nIs there any legal course I can take against Subway or the Store owner?', "I stepped outside and stood Infront of the front door todayThis is the first time I've been out in weeks. I couldn't stand for long because the anxiety started to kick in but it felt good to breath in the crisp fresh air.  It was quiet because I went early..around dawn so no cars were driving past. I still felt a bit uncomfortable though so I couldn't enjoy it but I feel good that I did it.  Remember, baby steps :)", "Hi, I really want to go out in my backyard but the house is out in the open so everyone can see meThe neighbours that live in houses behind, in front and next to me can openly see me coming and going out of the house whichever door I come out of or wherever I am outside. I just want to enjoy going to the garden but its so difficult with nosy neighbours. I really fear them looking at me because I have severe social anxiety too.  \n\nAnd my next door neighbours are covered with plants/hedges so they have the privacy they want. No one can ever see them going out or coming in. but my house has a driveway in front with no gate so all eyes are on me wherever I go. \n\n The fencing that separates me and my next door neighbour in the backyard is short too so there is no privacy for me and it's as if i'm in their garden.  Also, when I'm in the front yard driveway, the house directly behind my house can see clearly into the driveway. \n\nThe worst part in the back garden.. There are houses that are  opposite to me and their bedroom and attic windows directly look into my back garden. Actually, I can't even open my kitchen blinds because they can see everything. My bedroom window also can be seen from their living rooms so I can never even open my curtains. I feel physically sick , self conscious and anxious because they can easily see what I am doing outside and it makes me feel so uncomfortable that i want to run back in and never go out.  After the longest of  times, I tried to be brave and stand outside in my backyard at 5am. I figured that most people will be asleep then but I had to run back in straight away because one of the houses bedroom window light was on and it looked like someone was sitting near the window and they could see me. I really hate this.", 'Planning a wedding but don’t want to even leave the house for it...Anyone experiencing this?', 'Any Thoughts! I’m so Lost n confused ', 'is there any hope?hi sorry i’m new at reddit i just downloaded it but i’m at a loss. i just turned 18 and i’m nearly home bound. not completely yet but i’m nearly there. i’ve been going to therapy since 2nd grade for ADHD and GAD but the agoraphobia started a little over a year ago. it’s progressively gotten worse and worse and i’ve been actively trying to help it, reverse it, prevent it from getting worse but it’s just been going more and more downhill. is there any hope that i’ll recover from this and get back to my normal life. is this reversible? if you’ve overcome this id love to hear how you did it. but right now i feel like there is no hope.', "Anyone battling agoraphobia completely ALONE?I have to ask. I have yet to find another single crazy cat lady with agoraphobia like myself. Or anyone who has been ditched by EVERYONE. Like if you need any words of encouragement, tuff luck. I can't be the only one. Am I.", 'My Range Is Changing?!Hello everyone! I deal with anxiety and haven’t left the house in 5 months. I had a bad panic attack while driving back in December, and that caused me to never want to leave my house. My therapist has been coming to my house for the past 2 months and has been doing Talk Therapy and Exposure Therapy: making me talk through my anxious thoughts and walking with me around my neighborhood. I drive now, but only around my neighborhood and never past the gate at the front of the community. During our next session, my therapist wants me to drive her to a store that is about a mile from my house. \n\nSince starting therapy, my anxiety is about 65% gone. My friends and family notice that I’ve been happier as of recently. I do not take medication. Lately, I’ve been having urges to leave the house and see what would happen if I drove past the gate at the front of the community. I am scared to find out what would happen. My body shakes terribly when I am anxious and I do not want that to cause me to regress.\n\nMy question is: do people with agoraphobia usually have gradual changes in their range like this? For example, at one point, I couldn’t even sit in a car, but now I’m able to drive around the neighborhood?? Is this normal? Is this really progress? I still can’t leave the neighborhood. I can’t be too far from my house or I start to worry. Has anyone had similar experiences and how did you overcome?', "I know I'm not the only one - yet ", "I know I'm not the only one - yet \n\nWhile I sit here, I can't help but wonder; despite all this social  distancing and what not (going back further than that even), am I the  only one?....\n\nI know I'm not the only one who suffers from a mental illness/ disorders, albeit problems in this grand things we call life.\n\n Moreover, am I the only one who others will treat as the plague and  avoid at all cost, where the only time anyone contacts you is when they  want something? Am I the only one who goes stir crazy sitting here in this stagnate thing called solitude, while life altogether passes by outside that front door?\n\n Yet with each passing day, languidly fading off on into the next, with  nothing more then the deafening silence which looms in this stale air,  albeit surrounded by these four walls (the four best friends in which  you never wanted), the same four walls in which you just can't seem to  escape from.\n\nHaving very few (if any at all) friends/ people to  talk/ interact with. Where all you look forward too/ the high-light of  your day is seeking solace in closing your eyes at night, only to wake  the next day to do it all over again.\n\nWhen there is nothing more than this, I can't help but feel as the loneliest person on the planet.", 'Do you have experience with mental health mobile application? A short questionnaire for my dissertation thesisHey guys,\n\nI would be very grateful if you could fill out a short questionnaire about experiences with mobile applications focused on mental health and wellbeing. \n\nLink: [https://forms.gle/XU557avDn4TZxJxY9](https://forms.gle/XU557avDn4TZxJxY9) \n\nThank you!', "Panic, agoraphobia, hypochondria, derealization.Fit &amp; Healthy 21 year old female but I don't feel like it. After this virus came along it seems like all of the work that was done to get myself better went to vain. Three years ago I was mentally addicted to MDMA and ended up overdosing and from there it changed my whole life. I was in constant panic and felt like everything was a dream and everything i visualized was like a dream. I felt this way 24/7 and wouldn't dare to step outside. I always felt that there was something wrong with me physically and I would always search on google my symptoms. I thought I was dying... I had not even a safe place physically or mentally. Constant panic attacks, hypochondria, agorophbia, derealization. It really takes a toll on the human mind. About a year ago I started getting better by doing yoga, eating correctly(full vegetarian diet), meditation, diving into spirituality, etc. I was feeling great but about a month ago everything just came back after one full blown panic attack. I've had to leave work, ive gone to the hospital twice(everything came back normal), im scared to drive, etc.\nI feel like something is really wrong I've had a constant body temperature of a little bit above 99, fatigued, dizzy, heart racing, blacking out in heat, night sweats. Also even when i was better the visuals never went away everything has always looked dream like I was just able to manage it, have I done permanent damage to my brain? Is this all normal for panic disorderr and agoraphobia? Also I completely quit my toxic lifestyle. I dont drink, smoke, party, no medication(holistic health only)\nI just want to know if anyone else feels like this. Sorry if this is all over the place, not a great writer.", 'Anyone else relapsing from self isolation?I recovered from agoraphobia a few years ago and I was hoping self isolation would not cause me to relapse. But now that things are reopening I find myself scared that isolation is ending and I will have to go outside. Is anyone else feeling like this/have any advice?', "Motivation?Hey everyone. For the past couple weeks my phobia dr has been calling every night see if I've done exposure and to encourage me to keep going. It's super nice of him to go out of his way. For a while it helped. Mainly, I didn't want him to feel unappreciated so I made sure I had something to report. Whether I drove around the block or walked to the stop sign. \n\nBut that's not really helping anymore. How do I deal with having no motivation? I get upset that I'm losing time by sleeping or sitting at home. Then I think about exposure and feel like I have nothing to really go out and live for. So I sulk back into inaction and depression. \n\nWhat keeps you going?", 'Recently called a hotline for mental health. I have tried calling before throughout the years, but I found this one to be the most helpful, provided I was probably more honest this time around. It has motivated me to seek more professional help. ', 'It\'s coming to an endSocial distancing is being lifted in my city on Friday. I\'m in N.Y.. My plan was to take this as my only chance/opportunity to "blend" back in with everyone as they returned to their "normal" life as non agoraphobic. I have felt so much pressure to hurry up and beat agoraphobia. It\'s been 9yrs. I\'m no closer to victory and in worse health now. Not just agoraphobia, my own mother is a sick and sinister evil bitch. She has been emotionally and verbally abusive my entire life! She buried my father\'s balls in their backyard after they married. He\'s done nothing to help me! I\'m 45 now. I had a career, I bought my home with my own money, that is now a prison. She has been terrorizing me ever since I was taken out of work due to stress in Sept 2011. I had ended up in the hospital bc of work. She\'s never had to do anything! She doesn\'t get dirty! My dad has carried her though everything and they have money! She has been the number 1 reason knocking me back down! All these years! She\'s lucky I haven\'t ripped her face off. She\'s ruined other ppls lives as well. I\'ve been calling her out on her gaslighting and her LIES bc I\'m struggling alone here, I\'ve gone thru my retirement bc of these incompetent healthcare providers! I\'m broke! She knows I can no longer keep up with the cost of home repairs that eventually started out small, had no one to ask, she\'s brainwashed my father to disown me, and she\'s just waiting and sitting back watching me suffer! \n\nNow, she\'s even threatened me with the psych center! I keep my house cleaner than some "normal" ppl, I\'ve been taking exceptional care of my 3 fur babies, my reason for existing! How dare She! My agoraphobia and health at poverty level is more than enough to handle alone! My mother has been a separate battle that I can\'t deal with. She ambushes me, she has been so vicious and nasty, name calling, she\'s been in my mailbox, stalking me, knocking on my neighbors doors!! She\'s a LUNITIC! She needs to be locked up! She has been so completely over the top coming at me, controlling me bc I\'m poor. She has even gone around to all my providers, my friends, gaslighting. She will be the death of me! I\'m physically burnt out! I\'ve been on high alert for my entire life bc she is my own personal terrorist! She has no boundaries! She doesn\'t want me better. So for her to threaten me, take me away from my fur babies! I\'m flat on my face. I\'m so tired. She is so calculating and malicious! And guess what, she has all the power because MOTHER\'S ARE NATURAL CAREGIVERS AND NURTURING, a mean mother?? Impossible! That\'s why I\'m not believed! I feel like I\'m always scrambling to defend myself from her. My adrenal glands are shot. I am at a loss.', "How to accept the feelings of anxiety in places that stress you out (doctor's appointment)?I have gradually gotten over my fear of leaving the house by forcing myself out each day to buy food or groceries. But right now I'm worried about going to the hospital tomorrow for my appointment because it's a place that feels more stressful for me compared to the store. I have no idea how to deal with any anxiety I might get considering it will be at a higher level than what I have gotten used to.", "Life during lockdownAm I the only one that feels like this lockdown has made it easier to not go outside? It's like now that it has become socially acceptable not to interact with people. I feel like my will to even try is diminishing by the day. Before all of this happened I was making pretty good strides but now I feel like this is giving me a reason to give up. I don't want to feel that way but i do. Anybody else feeling this too?", "My relationship is affected because I can't be honestI'm having a difficult time being open about my agoraphobia with my boyfriend. We live together and it's been easier the past few weeks because everything has been closed. But as things begin to reopen, it gets harder and harder for me to think about re-entering the world. I don't share very much about my agoraphobia with him, so in the past I found myself making excuses for why I couldn't/didn't want to leave the house (having a headache, needing to work on a project for work, etc.) \n\nMy boyfriend is going through a lot with his father being in the last stages of dementia, so I want to be supportive of him and I know he needs stability and support from me now especially. I feel so guilty feeling incapable of leaving and existing in the normal world and I don't know what to do to be less petrified of moving forward.", 'Ever have a breakdown after getting home? I think that might be happening to me right nowcrying in bed for no reason', "I actually left my house by myself to get myself checked out by a doctor!!!This is big for me. I've had an awful abscess for 3 days and finally said screw it. Walked myself down to the hospital. Got it checked out. Got the prescription filled. All by myself.", 'Zombie Apocalypse Induced AgoraphobiaFirst time poster here on Reddit. \n\nI\'ve already spoken with my therapist about my fears and anxiety, but I feel like exploring this community will help. \n\nFor the past two years, it\'s been increasingly more difficult for me to go outside by myself. Even with my boyfriend or best friend, I find myself extremely anxious. At first it there wasn\'t a sole "danger" that I found myself hyperfixated on. Anxious about being outside, in class, near people. \n\nHowever, in thr past two years, my agoraphobia has honed in on the idea of a zombie apocalypse. My fears have exploded so much so that I fear zombies will come attack whenever my boyfriend or roommate leaves. It also makes me worried about my family as they are states away. \n\nThe situation with COVID-19 has made this worst and I keep peeking through the windows, terrified.', 'I think I’m developing diagnosable agoraphobia during quarantineI’m 20F and I moved back in with my mom during quarantine. Her house is lovely and comfortable. I don’t want to leave my mother’s house because I don’t want people to see my appearance. I have become very ugly and I can spare myself from other people’s judgement by not putting myself in a situation to be judged.\n\nSomething horrible happened to me health-wise that marred my appearance. I don’t want people to look at me and I don’t even want to look at myself (I haven’t seen my reflection since March).\n\nI’m so afraid of how anxious I get around leaving the house now. I want to be able to support myself and my own mind is scaring me.', 'ExercisingI’m trying to get better at running(so I can run to a bathroom or something more quickly when having a panic attack) but I’m having trouble going outside and actually running. I’m too scared that when I jog far enough away from my house, I’ll be too tired to sprint back if I need to, therefore making my panic attack last longer or get worse. Does anyone have any advice on this?', '[Research] Effects of stressful and traumatic experiences.Hello,\n\nI am a researcher at Western Carolina University studying the effects of traumatic or stressful experiences on emotional health. If you would like to participate in the survey, please follow the link below for more information and the survey questions. Some of the topics may be difficult to discuss. This survey takes about 30 minutes; you may stop the survey and go back to it later. Feel free to share this survey with others if you think they are interested in participating. If you have any questions about this study, please contact Dr. Erin Myers at [emmyers@wcu.edu](mailto:emmyers@wcu.edu).\n\nIf you are interested in participating, please follow this link:\n\n[https://wcu.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\\_0e7p71gpuahnbnf](https://wcu.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0e7p71gpuahnbnf)\n\nIf you wish to be informed of the study’s findings in the future, please contact Dr. Erin Myers or me via DM or at mdgralha1@catamount.wcu.edu.\n\nThank you!', "Suicide thoughts*trigger warning maybe?* \n\nI'm not suicidal but I actually find the thought about killing myself surprisingly comforting. I don't want to die, but whenever I am really really anxious, I think\n   , you know, i could really just end it here,   and it makes me realise how precious life is, and how nothing really matters anyway. Yeah, idk. Just remember that either you are fine or it will pass.\nAnd sorry, my writing sucks ass. Have a good day", 'Not ready.I’ve had agoraphobia for more than a year now which is the main reason I struggle to get out there and get a job which of course gave me so much pressure. (From family, friends, past co-workers.)\n\nLast February I had surgery and I was advised by my doctor to have a month of rest and healing, so I made that my deadline. I told myself once march comes, i’ll build up the courage to get a job.\n\nThen march came and I was actually really motivated to get out there! I thought my life was about to change cause I was now willing to brave through my agoraphobia. But then this whole pandemic happened and everyone was advised to stay at home.\n\nIt sucks. It ruined my momentum. But as a month and a half passed, I started to fall back into my comfort zone. I started to enjoy the fact that everyone else was at home too because it felt like everything stood still and I didn’t feel pressured to keep up. And I thought it was fine cause once things were back to normal, I assumed it was enough time for me to build up the courage and be ready to put myself out there despite the anxiety.\n\nBut then just last week, things were starting to get back to normal here in LA. And I don’t know, maybe I just thought it wasn’t gonna be this soon. I know it sounds selfish but I hate it. Everything’s going so fast again I feel like time is passing me by again. The pressure, self loathing, and anxiousness are back in their all time high.\n\nI’m not ready yet. And I don’t know when I’ll ever be.\n\nJust wanted to get this off my chest.', 'Anyone feel like they should be taking this quarantine time to do something productive?I feel like I should be learning a skill or learning to do something during this time. Something to better myself and my situation.', "Lost in life and in a real dark place.As the title states, i'm lost in life and in a real dark place. It's been 6 years since I've truly been in the outside world, my dad died when i was 15/16 and ever since then i lost all motivation and courage to live or better my self. I was put on medication for a short while but i stopped taking it before it could do anything. I've talked to a few people on here on Reddit but I still feel so alone in my condition no matter if they have gone or are going through it too. \n\nI've had numerous dark thoughts but don't worry i'm okay i'm not gonna do anything. It's just a dark world. Agoraphobia or depression, whatever is wrong with me is just how i am and i don't know if i will ever get over it.", "Getting WorseBefore quarantine I was starting to leave the house with my mom, going to small 24 hour places with no people around at 3am. Ever since this started I'm completely housebound. Not just because of the virus, but many crippling fear of being seen or judged by strangers. The closest I can get to outside is sitting on my patio with someone I trust. I needed to put this somewhere that maybe others can understand.", 'what medication has helped you?i’ve been on so many different medications over the past year and a half and i’m at a loss. the only thing that has worked to curb some of my panic is clanazapane which i was ultimately taken off of because of its addictive nature. i don’t know what else to do.', 'I found a therapist and have hope!I have only been able to walk a few blocks around my apartment for the last few years because of panic attacks every time, so I was seen at a clinic in the vicinity a while ago. However, they stopped seeing me because my case was "too difficult". Finally, I found another therapist and feel hope for the first time in a long time. When the stay at home order lifts, her clinic is within half a mile away, by which time maybe I\'ll be better able to commute. This pandemic has made it so much easier to access therapy from home. \n\nJust wanted to share some good news. Be well, everyone!']